You know what I do is to write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the U.S.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can see as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen an agriculture.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and explosions.
And you know that an effective episode is something that goes somewhere in place.
You just have to turn back to the apple to see it as an exercise.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bush.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '70s, in the middle school, in Steve, Ohio.
When they hit them up to sandwich every week in the kids' bathroom, until one teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when I allowed to go into the teacher's bathroom.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a love -- and in the '70s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fight AIDS.
About three or four years ago, at the middle of the night I received a phone called a phone called the Portugal lady who said, "I need to see it.
I'm curious that of adults we never get to know it.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to love with this please.
Well, the next day we were in Clenstic.
We were going to see it, we were laughing, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, the interviews, and we take care of it, and we get rid of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as well as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to know, he became a comic box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, he had become a circle -- and that episode that I told you about was made in itself.
The exhibition is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first books.
I was astonishing.
My heart rate quickly was starting, trying to understand what was in front of me.
So the types of mine all around me hanging out of the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think about a cup of snow over another year after year after year.
The themes are born when they get rid of the glaciers or break off the ice barriers.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to go back and go up until the end, while others can't support it more and deliver in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see an iceberg -- that are separate isolated and alone, largely as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all opposite.
As an iceberg is, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As an iceberg is started releasing fresh water water that feeds a lot of life.
I dare to photograph these books as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments exist in that way and won't go back to that way again.
It's not death when it's going down, it's not a end, but a continuation of their way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice ice that photography is very young, it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from an iceberg that I photographed in Republicans." Green.
It's just a little bit of hard to actually get to give you a broken board.
Here they are.
You can see on the left one little boat.
It's about five feet.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and their planning line.
You can see here, it starts to reduce, the boat has moved down the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a translator of Greenland in average size.
So the water self-organize about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so no one, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one connection a baby.
So, two couples each.
I don't want you to stop too much on the details of the conception, because if you stop thinking about conception.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is taken into the X chromosome of the world.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm is taken into the X chromosome.
They both go and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my brain activity would be two roles.
In one of my roles -- I work with the story of analogy.
I am a training story, and what I study in this case is the way people open the anatomy -- you know, human bodies and animals, how they have considered body fluids.
The other role that I put in my work is an activist, as a patient defense -- or, as I say sometimes, defense of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social rules.
I've been working on, for example, with linked twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with angry, people much more low than average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with sulfuric sex, individuals whose physical skills don't fit in the male schools and conventional female schools.
In general lines, we can call it interconnected.
Interaction adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in the male or a female common form.
For example, there is the case of the individual with X-ray completely which is the CRISPR gene of the chromosome and says to the professionals, that we all have in the fecal life that they become terrible.
And then, in the fetal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the insurance syndrome.
So there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body develops to follow a typical female course.
When the baby is born, the baby is as a child.
It's a kid. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the senses, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After making it tests you realize that instead of having ovarian obesity and uterus -- it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man, but it's really not.
Women, like men, have in the body something called sub-Saharan gardens.
They're on the back of the body.
The supply glands produce drivers, the hormone hormone.
Most women like I -- I think of a typical woman, it doesn't know their career structure, I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the ancestry.
We produce adversaries and respond to the adversaries.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the adversaries than the woman who was born with the testing of insecurity to the adversaries.
So sex is something complicated. It's not that the intentions are in the middle of the spectrum, in a way they can be everywhere.
Another example -- a few years ago, I received a call from an 19 year-old boy born and raised as a vehicle, I had girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, he would take a life as a guy and just discovered that I had ovarian and heart.
I had a extreme way of a disease known as a connectional supermarket hypothesis.
He had 20 degrees and in the uterus the subjective glands were so active that in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their genetics were married, their brain was exposed to the typical humanitarian component of the humanitarian component.
I was born with a child, no one argued anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by internal message, when doctors found that in fact, it was a woman on it.
Well, another example of a case of interconnections.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what's known as a pill, which is to say, they have objective tissue wrapped in traditional tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many sex.
The reason that children with this kind of body -- -- -- and they are explosive, tax twins, or interactions, they sit in normal surgery is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that several surgeries are linked to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy carries a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have female identity, sustainable, being black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
A terrible idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have trouble with carbon.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individual.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people within a body.
The most elegant case is last year with the South Second Super Super Service, and he stood on trial his sex in the International Goods Goods.
Many journalists called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine whether Casey Senarch is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such test.
In fact, we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a line between men and women or between men and interactions and women and women and women, we are us who we did that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more the science are dealing, the more we have to admit that these categories were an astronomer area that are removed directly with stable performance categories.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race -- something that happens much more complicated than the temperature enables it.
As we see, we get into a stupid terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we searching from the difference of them in just a few nuclear states?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an uncomfortable area in which we have to recognize that the simplistic categories, we have probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the merits of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to take a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the photos.
There are very busy discussions today -- not in public, but I know within medicine, about when someone is considered death.
Our ancestors never had to do with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of you put a pen in front of the nose, and if you move it still doesn't get it.
If you stop moving it out.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we have to confront the dilemma of really detecting someone's death, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think this explosion of categories could be able to bring someone like me.
In politics, I'm a progressive, to decide people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
It would make sure that these categories are much more inevitable than we think of me.
Think of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I am a fervent advantage of the Facebook parents.
I know they were race, I know they were sexually, but they were big.
I mean, they were so courageous and automatically and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much watching that musical museum controlled "the and not for music, which is totally passively.
That's what happened in 1767 with the founding parents.
The founding fathers were founded, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an analog concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and maintained for 200 years.
And as you all remember, what our parents were rejected was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchs was based on a very simplistic concept of analogy.
The old world monarchs did not know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it became the political power by the right of blood transported from the grandfather, and then the son, etc.
The Fundamental fathers rejected that idea and replaced it for a new analog concept and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They released the game field and decided that the anatomy that matters was the common analogy and not the analog differences, that was really radical.
And partly they were doing it because it was part of an unusual system where two things were created.
The democracy was setting up and at the same time I was born.
And it's very clear if we look at the history of the Facebook parents, which many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were distributed from the supernatural explanation, and so they rejected the concept of supernatural power to transmit it by the way of an idea of birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence -- talking about nature and God's god of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, they were treating us the idea of analog construction.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women were going to go.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Cape Train movement, which said, "I'm not a woman."
We found men in the Civil Rights movement, saying, "I'm a man.
Again, color people who agreed to the analog construction about the analog difference, and again, they were going to go.
We see the same with the movement of disability.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conservation, we have to start asking us why we keep certain divides on them.
But attention, I want to keep some ancestry analysis in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we had to talk about analogy.
I don't mean that the five year-old children were allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some ancestor divisions that for me make sense and that I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two creatures in the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both concerts in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before -- the one of June 1980.
Henry, by the contrary, was born in terms -- was born on March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I had been born three months before Mary was going to take all the rights three months before I Henry -- to the sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because I have a different biological age, but it was born.
We found other rations in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- I haven't told you if it's 3D: in virtue of being considered man now is a passion of the mandatory experience that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
March, on his hand, doesn't have the same rights to marriage than Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry in all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So you still pursue analog categories that in many ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science is so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could destroy it?
I don't want to give you to science, but at the same time I feel like science is scared.
Where do we go?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude, "Well, we have to take the line somewhere, so we're going to do it?
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man don't have to have crowds, and that to marry a woman is to have crowds.
Now, in practice they don't make any creative tests.
But this is also very strange to give you the story that I told you about the beginning of insecurity syndrome.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have to draw up, offer a solution.
It says that we should judge people "and not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their card, they go beyond analogy.
And I mean, "Yeah, the idea seems very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their card?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to make people rights to people, because I've been able to admit that I know from some of the returns that probably deserve the social services than some of the humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some showers that I know can make more informed decisions, smart and maps about their sex relationships than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put in practice the care of cardiovascular content.
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance with it.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this stream of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted for other men is sustainable to be killed, unless it's willing to join a sex change, in which case it allows him to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm happy to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that had made a couple of years ago that had made the living twins of symbols to then separate them and so forth their family.
But when the phone asked him the reason for the operation -- it's a very risky operation, I was reminded that in that other country these children would be very much massive, and so I had to do it.
I said, "Well, has it considered political asylum.
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about how democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I mean something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different sorts of analog sorts, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interaction I've also been interested in inventing sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the poster, one of my advisers that I knew I was interested in feminist -- and I was considered feminist -- like now, made me a strange plan."
"Where does the feminist have female female?
And I thought, "It's the most stupid question I've heard.
The feminist has to do with determining gender stereotypes so there's nothing female in the feminist ...
But the more I've thought about his question, the more I feel that there is something female in the feminist there.
I mean, there might be something -- in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more encouraged to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very reluctant to find a way to protect people on the state of the state, it's possible that we have injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with regenerative support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond analyst, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect approach, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007 I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go live and work, have the possibility to choose between at least a bunch of different cities that are competing to attract new injuries.
Well, right now, we're far away from that target.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they come much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily train them to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replaced by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartment were already properties and the other half still failed to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to do amazing in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that facing is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have norms to avoid the molecules and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very hard to do all those expansions.
But you could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building -- always and when the rules of that place makes the building rather than putting them out.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones to contain cities and give them a name, cities under state.
Later at the same time, I learned that the same time or James and Opera were thinking about the challenge of reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 pounds came out of his country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those same things in Honger.
In the summer of 2009, Honor went through a constant constructive crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pete London was burned by a platform in which I promised reforms and at the same time.
He asked Extrematic to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was prepared to give a talk at TEDGlobal talk.
Through a process of delight, trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those norms that say that you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartments.
We put a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes as much of technologies as a norms to progress, and they usually are the rules that prevent us to move on.
In the 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
I showed it to James.
They called me.
They said, "I think this to the leaders of our country.
So in December, we met in Miami, in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable the cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the terrain in a place like New York City -- look, terrain that in some cases, thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, Rosetti said, "Well, maybe we could see the Vice TED Time."
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under state is a place where you start with desperate land, a state that shows the rules that are going to apply there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Honor called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this might be the path for our own country.
I asked me to go to TEDGlobal and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which includes a picture like this, that I was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennuce and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dennety.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the ambiguance that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least one hundred square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world is contributed.
The public faces were very serious and around.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Let's start "Remember Rome: thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the TED Talk.
I have here in my computer?
So I felt and showed the TED.
And this explains how essential a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could go in in Honger instead of hundreds of miles away to North America.
And they also include new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the government in Honor would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that help them set up and make the standards of the state, so that everybody could trust that the state is effectively commentally.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily take a thousand square miles.
And soon later, the 19 of January, flew in Congress to develop their Constitution and add a constitutional device that will allow these special development regions to do.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress in favor of this constitutional understanding was 123 to one.
All of the parties -- all the factors in society, resistance.
To include in conflict, you have to pass twice in Congress.
On February 17, again in another vote, from 11 to one.
Immediately after the vote, from 21 to 24 of February, a delight of about 30 pounds was to two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that's built in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything that you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're setting up a legal system that would allow the managers to come, and at the time allowed to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Court Super to be the last post-based court for this new judicial system.
There are orphanages and buildings that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are a lot of companies who want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a shopping zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to live there.
There are 700 million people who say they would like to change it immediately to another place.
There is one million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to get a job, sometimes they're mothers that have to make the money for just eating or buying clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes there's even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it look like to think about building a new city in Handway?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting so that families can choose between several cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my loved friends asked me to say, "Thank TED TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what there is, I'm going to make a public conference, and it's that, living obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, to photograph and publish in my blog and collapse and different for each other.
But it doesn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of thumb markets and second hands.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my manufacture in the environment and in my wallet biologist.
I'm going to know the interest people -- usually my money goes to a good cause, and my look is unique, and buying it into my personal quest of terms.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be my task?
Would I like color color?
It cost less than 20 dollars?
If all answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
To go back to the subject of my value, I want to tell you what I put for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring up with someone who has all that report?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I go.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
In exactly a week is all I've put in my value.
I thought it would be able to find everything else that I would like to use after I got here to Palm Shanghai.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks by TED in underwear.  That means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with the Sunday.
This is called brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost always see you for less than 50 dollars.
All the set, including the jacket -- is 55 percent, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Lucking, color is energy.
It's almost a bit of impossible privilege to be a bad mood, when you're seeing a brilliant red sand.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Marsham Mars." The integration is superintelligent.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
Just do yourself.
If you surround you from the right people, you're not only going to understand, you will also appreciate you.
Little Mirach? Guide of the child that you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the details, or I remind you to their seven-year-old little age.
I like to tell you and say, "The stone "sure?
So Jefferson: trust is the key.
If you think you see you well with something -- it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see it well with something -- probably also true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 that really understood their meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside -- there's no look you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for any of this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Ventures: An universal truth six words for you? The golden denser goes with everything.
And finally, I said, "I will develop a personal style, and only is a great way to tell you to the world without having to say a word.
I've tested it over and over again when people came up this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, Bronx. I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some other things.
I don't need to take you emotionally to these things, because at the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit suit, colorful and brilliant to wait, if there's a little love in my heart and after.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive.
So if we use a scale to measure the application of each hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who's completely logical for example.
This would be someone who's totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of them are going to be able to go through one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the integration of this audience, their brain is something that -- with a great application in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually excited.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I think about one of those people, that just like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite a lot of logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them and then we see how to react and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Certain intuition that you can have developed over the years is what it says that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't get born with this notion, the developed.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, it always fell.
But I bet that the play with that bar of parking has taught him a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to be transported, and that remain in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except that you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist -- because they don't play with parking bars play with these strange little particles.
And when you play with their particles, they discover that they make all kinds of things that are really rare -- as they can go through walls, or that can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point, the physics was found a few years ago, you need the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But not to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That doesn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because it doesn't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particles.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if it's all made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then it shouldn't be the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I felt much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why some years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics supermarket.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to get a little bit of a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the little term of metal.
What we see is a little piece of metal -- with the form of transport and that still supported on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip -- and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this organization with the form of swimming, which is underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supply, but for it it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it's going to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people come up to stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually set up.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel of travel of incarge objects are not just people -- it's also the light that will take it and the wind that happens to the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal of metal to be shared according to quantum mechanics -- we would have to spread all the other passengers of it.
And that's what we did.
We applied the lights, then we introduced a partnership and we extract all the air, and then we get it to a temperature of less than a degree by the absolute zero.
Now, by being only in the elephant, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moving in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly money, I was traveling. And the way I lived was like a breath in this form -- as a function that was expanding and contributed.
And by giving it a smooth job, we could make it fire and not fly at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you about is really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing that is going to be able to see and not just go at the same time?
We think about atoms.
In one case, all of the tricks of atoms that contribute that piece of metal are still stuff, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in particular instant when those are alive.
In the rest of time they're delighted.
It means that each atom is in two different places at the same time, which is what the metal piece is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth stopping in a clean room to do this for all of those years, because, look at this, the scale difference between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my logical part that talks about.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time. How would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was unemployed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that metal went on there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, seemingly all the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just making them in a little space.
You hear a lot about how quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all of the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the deep richness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Hyri.
And 18 months ago I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related with museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, you know, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the death.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is explained just in this slide, and this is access.
I grew up in India.
I got a big education -- I didn't have a big education, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, a big team of people, and we started doing it.
You better show the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken up from their launch.
So simply, let's go to biomaterial.
Look around all the museums there are.
There's the U.S. Galapago, the Mozart, the Editoria, the Robert -- the God Gala.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites -- the Medicine Museum in New York City.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and, I click -- we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Google or Michel, that doesn't really matter.
You move out there and they dive.
Do you want to navigate by the museum?
We open the flat above it, and, with a single click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the cat.
And they will go forward.
explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm standing in front of one of my favorite paintings -- "The constraints of Pieter Bronx in the Metropolitan Melloca.
I see the sign ...
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the global technology.
So this image, for example, I think, about 10,000 million experts.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million penguins?
So I'll show you what you really get to 10,000 million pills.
It can make it very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if they really wanted to demonstrate.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "The moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
And I spoke a little bit, I spoke to some people from the Metropolitan -- and I actually discovered that this is a game called "the Bollywood, which is to hit a car with a palm on the card of Cartell.
And it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of a perspective. I'm going to take a little bit of the image, so you see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is for coming, a second.
So now we go quickly to jump again to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night State?
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the pants?
And if you want to see how God actually created this massive work?
It goes up and it really achieves it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "the stage State? I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "The "Liveria?
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a sense, that gives you the same.
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The power of the steel: we just did a complaint around.
It's about "The Empire National Gallery in London.
You can add things, send them to your friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when you look at these masterpieces these masterpiece work.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, even not coming from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium makes a justice to your art work and that it's represented in line.
And the big question that they do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a picture, a flying glue.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am from Italian origami, all the kids in Italy, growing up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting happened in Fred 1 in the last two decades.
A few time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of Ford 1, I would take a budget and take it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good, you won the career.
This is what in engineering, it's called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and a access.
What's interesting today is that the actual time control systems are starting to enter in our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics.
They're becoming computer air computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessible.
The cities is a big thing.
As soon as I didn't want to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption, and even 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be something big.
Beyond cities, all of these detection and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Palestinian Palestine Film in the Mom, during the summer.
It's called "The Man Man."
Well, our objects, the environment, begin to speak.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms become sensors and active.
And that's completely changing the interaction that we as humans, we have the external environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Microsoft Noise."
You know, when Michelangelo Alzheimer's scans the Moses -- it says that at the end of the end, he took the hammer, and he turned it to the Moses -- and you can still see a little black destination, and he said screaming, "Look now no story."
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking to speak.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, insist in the idea of capturing the environment and action something.
Let's start with determination.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a very lucky summer of 2006.
It was the year that Italy, I won the World Court.
Maybe some of you remember, play Italy and France, and at the end of the end, Mirana gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happening on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Collide in the middle and the Traunther River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
On the early afternoon, there are people over here, and there are people that are doing called movement.
It starts the party, silence.
Gold from France, Guinea from Italy.
Interviewer, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time, the recent time of time.
First additional time, second.
Zimbabwe and at a moment, the head.
wins Italy, yes.
That night everyone was going to celebrate the center.
There you see the big summit.
The next day they all went to the center to the meeting of the winning team and the first minister of the time.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Cyrus Massachusetts where, from the romantic time, people will celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- it's not about people, but of things we use and consume it.
Today, we know all about the province of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how it was approached.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a few small tags to track the trash in their own system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than one year ago, to label what they were surrounded, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that anyway.
Then we put a little chip, a tag to the garbage and then we started tracking it.
These are the results we get.
From Seattle stop."
after a week.
So with this information, we realized that there are many inequalities in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
There are complicated things happening and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we think is that if we see every day that the cup that we fly is not going to disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
If the plastic bottle that we throw a day is still there.
That if we show people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague of MIT, Solar Airban, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is access to the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zarrytine.
It all started with a question of the city mayor that came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of using water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology -- the new technology will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- it was, imagine that they have a cap and value, value of sustainable, languages that open and shut up.
It's created like a water corner, with water pixels with water.
If you put the pixels on it, you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom around, the curtain will open up so that we can pass in the picture.
We presented this to the mayor Bell.
I liked it a lot.
And they put a committee to design the building to the entrance of the Hindu.
We call this Diamand Water Panel.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors and windows, but when you squeeze it open so you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the saladies, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days will always be someone, in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and said, "Did the building?
No, it's not that they have declined it, but when it goes down almost all of architecture disappears.
Here is in work.
You see the people intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am myself trying to not move through the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Shanghai came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was opened to let me go, but a building that kept doing cortex and water holes and one had to jump to not move.
And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, always think of the use that people will give us to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical explosions, the water spinal, and from projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little piece that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter like the one that we saw before, which is moving with others in synergy.
We could form this cloud.
It's sort of a flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where it changes is light, not the position of the explosion.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could then have a 3D pixels cloud that you can zoom in, and go through it, and see from a lot of different animals.
This is the real controlled Fluid, going down to form a God, like before.
When the light is, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have each pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bollywood -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the New York City star in New York and the Minus School, to capture their movements in 3D and use them as an entry for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dance.
On the left you see the explosion, they capture it in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital digital in real time as a movement.
It can rebuild all of the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the pixels that we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and relationship.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could involve people to do something and change our environment -- like a crisis of clouds, like the big, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make all of them go a little bit for a picture.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple years is, over the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign is shown you, we can move out of the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That meant something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do you go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pills in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud are expensive.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered with explosion.
You can move out inside, having different experiences.
You can see from below, they will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic Games and even more, and it can be used as a way of connection to the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital lack at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory, for one more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe I'd like to be in better ways, being stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe of themselves.
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe it's about those people who always want to be more creative.
What would you more like to like it?
What would you like to do if you could choose something?
(Music ends) Creative things. creativity.
How many people choose the creative?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
Five. You probably had the number of creative people present.
That's really good.
How many chose memory chosen?
Some more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
What about light like?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a subject here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you the gaze of a physician on the subject.
The great genocide of the 20th century, Tanzania, Domainead, who also combined in the Church Trade Russia, wrote a trial called "The Bird in biology makes sense to the light of evolution.
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this, is just the past, or the future?
Does it mean to each other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in a end, it is, of course, the most interest of us.
We stop a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interface has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hydrogen.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem that we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, in the most basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diamond?
This is not like human intuitive, but it's the same protein, completely indigenous, which comes out of the pancreas coming out.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all carry into the most bacterial gut than the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Abraham David raises the anti-person of the authoritarian, you think about bacteria."
The gut is a wonderful hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's clear, dark, a small, it's very standing.
And we're going to provide them all the nutrients that you can want without effort from their parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for the bacteria with the occasional intersection of some forest forest to the hall.
But by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what is the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or do you want to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast incentive symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief comet, the animal kingdom, as a single and only company, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the front of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was going to enter college to college, I had my first class of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of the cell.
But when the molecular organism appear to be able to change.
It goes into the sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that the genome happens, the rest of the body becomes preservative.
In fact, you might say that the inefficient of the body death comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought, well, service, service, death per sex, seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I went on, getting more doubt.
I got to understand the feelings of George Burker, which still act in Las Vegas well in their 90 years.
And one night someone hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, he finds a magnificent literature of clothes.
He looks at it and he says, "I have a sex of sex.
"It's okay, it says George -- "I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily controlled to them.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to regain health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are as a design rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next original level, and then let me fall into sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that I expressed Woody Allen when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not die."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
They don't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the faster or even the smarter.
Evolution favors the best creatures adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
On the bottom of the ocean the brains that can survive the heat of the farmers that produce -- if there were fish there, fish hit the vacuum -- yet they have managed to make that an environment accelerated by it.
So what does this mean when we look what's happening in evolution and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if we look forward to the faith -- I would say there are a lot of possibilities.
The first one is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been disparallel and electronic from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have continued our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated down, we capture, and we get rid of so much that it's no longer possible to have the answer for the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you have a traditional evolution of traditional type, natural kind of important by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the emissions of the evolution roll dispute, but they're inevitable.
And in terms of the isolation, when as a species we solve distant planets will exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural ways.
But there's a third possibility -- an anti-control possibility and an intriguing possibility and a terrifying possibility.
You call it neuroscience, the new evolution, which is not simply natural but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the choices we take together.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First of all, consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variations than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen to individual and family levels.
They also think that if you could be possible to be able to choose not only the sex of your discovery, but in your own body making the genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the application?
Would you not want to do those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and depended 13 years.
I cost 2.5 million dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three million base pairs of the human genome to a close cost to the 20,000 and on a week.
They don't spend a lot to make the human genome really do for 14,000 and will be more and more at all.
Those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe it or there's no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the culture of the culture of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine then only other two little change?
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their description?
What if you could change sperm and blocks or change the recent recent work, and give your children a better opportunity of a healthier life -- eliminating the diabetes, eliminating the female, reducing the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any healthier children.
And then that same application technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also take a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jefferson especially if you could get it up with the next generation of the Watering machine.
Why don't you have a faster contract muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be absolutely.
And when we are in conditions of passing this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have to become the evolution of before in the neocortex.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happens within the next hundred years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to get to them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considered more considered."
Or are we going to choose dramatically different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more universal or more and more vertical?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all of all, are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and to inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions.
For good or for bad, and before what I might think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making climate, click, clima.
Clean, click, click, click, sound. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 18.
It was the only one I could talk about with flight advertises.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some birds.
The pilot had already looked at the airplane, and we were not so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot, the airplane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
I put the motors out.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three more unfortunate words I've heard.
He said, "Let's be the impact for the impact?
I didn't have to talk about flight assistance.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get in, and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to replicate, all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that later. I got a sentence, which is, "Live the bad company?
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that emergency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we did the George Washington, which was not for a lot -- I thought about moment. I really feel a big break.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes. I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity also gives me place to my ego.
And it launched the time that I don't matter with people that don't matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a media in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonderful.
I don't try to be right. They chose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is disappeared, "Oh, 14, 13."
You see water experience.
I'm saying, "Please flip?
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we die, I had the feeling of it, boom, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness is straight in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children grew.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- "Oh some of them -- "Hello."  And scream. I cry, as a small one.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a big father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was told a miracle of not dying that day.
And I was told another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live differently.
You are flying today, the challenges you can imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please not be like this, but imagine, and how do you change?
What are you going to do, you still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, they're being the best parents who can."
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing that I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called Temper.
Tember was one of the most important farmers in the '80s.
One day he came to his house after she ran and said, "Dad, I feel a horrible on the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today, Tember has total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influence me.
I have a design and animation, so obviously the graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we went to pathway to Tony Texas, and the cause.
So I went and met with her brother and her father and I said, "Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he is able to communicate with me?
And I said, "A second -- it's not that -- you see Stephen Hawaii, it's not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those deaths?
And he said, "No, unless you are so important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Does anybody see the movie "The stranger and the marriage?
They communicate that way, they go through the finger.
I said, "That's absurd. How can it be?
So I was introduced with the desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed up a check that had no idea how to cover it.
I was committed with his brother and his father there at that particular time, "All right, this is the treatment, Tony is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back and make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much on their inside cannot communicate.
So I spoke in a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GDP Republican Ray, which have a technology that allows them to provide a light in any surface, and then with a laser point, draw on that and record the negative space.
So they're going around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come in, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First they start with the sex organs, then with bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so much of the things to move on one side to another one we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that Tember could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawaii.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun -- I call it Queen because I talk to the guy you get an email of it, and you say, "Don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing that we did was bring seven programmers around the world -- of all of the corner of the planet, to our house.
My wife, the children and I, we moved into the back and these hackers and programmers and consumptions and anti-caring took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and that when we came back to have removed the walls of the walls and in their place there would be free.
But for two weeks, we were going to show, we went to the Marine Saturday, my son was part of me, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called the Einstein One is called English.
These are a couple of cheap sunglasses that we buy on the Marine Beach of Venice, some copper wire and things from Homo Dennuce and Ram Shanghai.
We took a USB camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free.  building yourself yourself, we publish the free code, the software is low in free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There is no insurance company that says, "No."
There is no hospital that can say, "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the Temper room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this biomaterial and application during the big opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions all night, Tony returned to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it's looking through the support system of their life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital outside of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking parking park.
The funny thing was that we had to go into the parking lot, so we felt like we were legitimate the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I draw in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me out there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war graduate.
That's what keeps us in motion.
And we have a long way to come up with this.
It's a cool device, but it's the equivalent of a Manhattan screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong tweet something about us and then in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 of 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all this -- and this is what ends up of closing the circle -- is that in April this year at the Gulf of MIT at the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "The Call Cartel Carter."
And "The Cartel in the Cars, it's going to have the best experts of urban art Zabby, Sandy Facebook, Caper, all of them will be there.
Tember is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible, make possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- stage, the computer, the microphone, the Carnegient, nothing was possible at a certain moment.
Make it possible, anything from this room.
I am not a programmer, I never did anything with a record technology, just recognized something and associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something we feel like you have to do. If it's not now, what? And if I'm not me, me?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years in the last few years too difficult and at the same time.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked on a card mine, dangerous.
Filled in war zones, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in large part of my career I've been being immersed in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try to examine social issues in ways that have application attractive, interesting, and, hopefully analyzing them in a way that looks interrupting and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some may have heard of it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I knew an airplane in Edin.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some in Twitter -- I offered in selling the rights of my TED TED.
What I was next was this: "The Sun Sun Presentation, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and according to the face of the face -- especially if you put it in risk to you or your company to do it.
But he said, this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a process in progress, by the way.
So even with that supermarket knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell them with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing.
And as I said before, I've got in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be able to apply -- for something as hard or as dangerous as entering the room with these types.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Edwards," I want to make a film that is about the collapse of products, the marketing and the advertising, and that all the film is funded with collapse of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The biggest movie ever come from not selling?
What happens in "The largest movie ever sold -- it's that all of the top down to the bottom, from beginning to end, has matter images, all the time, from the question that appears before the title, the X market.
Now this brand, the Stanford State Seat Council."
These people are associated with the film to perspective, forever.
And so the film explores all of this idea -- (Music Kasse, is it replaced." (Music: Is it resourced."
I'm a reduction drop. (Music: I'm just telling you -- it was more by animals.
It was "The Persity for All."
But we're not just going to have the X-ray paper on the title, but we're going to make sure we're going to make sure that we can make sure all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and become the most cool shoe that you've used ...
The most cool car that you've driven in "The biggest movie ever sells -- the best tragedy that you have drink -- correlate of "The biggest movie ever sell?
San Khanty: The idea is then besides showing brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (Music: make it fund the film? MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The entire film goal is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film at the end.
And I would love that CEO helped to make it happen.
Robert Francisco -- you know, it's funny, because it's the first time I hear that, is the ultimate respect for the audience.
God! However, I don't know how resistant it is going to be the people to that.
XL: You have a perspective? I don't know if "As "Ranser, it's very negative, but you know how it is going to represent it? (Music: David Copenhagen. How much money does it do to do this?
MS: A million and a half millimeter. (Music: Very good. John Kape, I think it's going to be hard the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brand.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out of us as a lot of algorithm times.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Ratio: Most of the answers.
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, by the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So help me help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Okay. (Music: OK? Imagination.
MK: We have to think about what marks.
MS: Yeah.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Music: OK. Let me stop the camera.
MS: I thought that "The camera, it meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
And it turns out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one for one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And it was very impressive, I thought that the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media scenario is not the idea counting with that new worthy of attention that will lead the message to the more more more more more more more more more more more markets?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a hybrid mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually no, there was no error.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been right.
But the problem was what this picture represents.
You see, when you look for the images of Seams in Google --  -- this is one of the first images that come in.
I like your row of row -- Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: the transparency, free of simulation or expensive, easily determined or seen -- easily understanding, that is characterized by the violence or the access of information, especially in business practices, being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, I hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president of the name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to doing something it changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  like that weird bear that still continues to go.
It's imperated."   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it absorbed."
I eat a whole contemporary of Cookie Khan.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to tell the stories of history.
We want you to tell a story, but you want to tell you a story.
See, when I was a kid, and my father attracted me in some lie -- and there he is looking like I used to do it, saying, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with only one company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Saturday from many years, I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take the switch and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- I started to realize, is that when you start talking to companies the idea of understanding your brand is an universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films -- enormous, giant films that make small, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make films of big Hollywood movies -- they say the reason why their films are so successful is that they have to have the associated marks that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant films of Hollywood?
And the movie is called "The greatest movie ever sell?
How are we going to see specifically Bang in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go, every time I open my background, you'll see the Bang Deline.
At any point during an interview with somebody can say, "Are you good for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there I would offer you one of these fabulous advances.
Both "The Florida From Far Far Far Far is going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man like for woman, solid -- blue, ball, as it is.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a police look.
Kareem Frankle" -- we're a small brand frame.
Similarly, the smallest kind of movies that you know, we are more well a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget.
So doing things like this, you know, remember Bank to people are the reason why this is interested in.
MS: What words used to describe Bang?
Bank is in white.
KB: That's a big question.
Volunteer: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the airplane.
Man: We talk about something audacious -- fresh.
I think that "The "The British is a big word that actually puts this category in positive versus "The smell and supermarket."
You keep you cold.
How do you keep you fresh far more time: more frequent, more far, three times.
Things like those things that will solve benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-powered company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to you to the street man, people like me, to the common fish.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your marker?
Man: My marker?
I don't know.
I like the good.
Woman: Report the 80 -- they would be able to get public at less than a day of laughing.
MS: Okay, what is the brand German market?
German." Something unique. (Music: only Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have to be like a dark ball.
I like dark colors, lots of gray and things like that.
Usually I take access like sunglasses, or I like the crystals and the similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand might be a classic "review Merchandoung."
Man 2: The brand that I am, I call it the satellite same thing.
Woman 2: In a hippie part of single, in part of Jeff Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the sort of tattoo.
I sold tables for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I handed the market.
Man 5: Man captive massive, failed.
Is that anything?
Leonardo: I'm a lawyer.
Tomorrow? I'm Tauca.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but often I was kind of in the intersection of dark "review and satellite same.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help understand what they call the marriage "review?
And I found a company called So Zavian in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nelland, Ferrioff, Harvard to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Audience: Trade the photos, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photograph.
A: Tell me a little bit how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live, like the people who surround you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come up and start in a place and in my case and start in my family, in Western Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate this with your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like the different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me the "Star "Woody" for what does that be?
What's the male -- what phase of book are you right now?
Why is it important? What is red, right?
Tell me a little bit about that.
It's just a little more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metrics have you have?
You have to have a fear -- what kind of mountain mountain are you?
MS: (Man: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (Music: big job. LG: Yeah.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what is going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Lindsair Zappiers, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but completely in your brand personality brand Martin Super is a concerned brand.
They are very well searching together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies just focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
Many companies tend to have a lot of companies -- it's human nature, to avoid the things that are not sure, avoiding the fear -- those elements and you actually give them home and make it become a positive thing for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is the classic clue.
And you can see it also here to Toronto, Wikipedia, Minister of Minister Coloradores and Berlin.
There are now playful marks and conscious marks -- those things that have gone and come up but a language brand is pretty powerful.
MS: A language market. What's your marker?
If someone asked you to describe your identity identity, your brand, what would it be?
Are you a attractive attraction? You're somebody who makes blood flow from?
Or are you rather a destruction attract?
A little bit more calculated, reserved, conservation?
Associated attributes are like being playful to be free as the Prayer, contemporary conversation, arrangement or auditorium like Eric Flick, rapid or giant, professional, death, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you more of the destruction attractive?
Are you conscious -- sophisticated like Yellow."
Are you stimulated, traditional -- provide, protection, protection, you identify with Oxford."
Are you trust, stable, family, confident, safe, satellite, controlled or wise -- like the Dalai Lama or Rond ...
On the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, aspirations and disconnects, that they said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they had no control, no control on the final product.
It allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we can tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for finger.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned the free air advertising.
In the entire city over the last five years, there are no cards, no cards, no volume, nothing.
And we went to school districts in which companies are making it walk in schools with language problems in the U.S.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones that I've been more successful is those of us who have interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They went to the interviews, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with an artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to do thinking about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have it? Did they succeed.
Well, since the movie was stuck on the Sunday Festival -- let's look at a look.
According to Burrela the film, and since then -- this is not all -- we've had 900 million copies in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two weeks and a half.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not at surface.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this movie has already started winning momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all of the agencies that we talk about will encourage their customers not to be part of it.
I've always believed that if you get married, if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that is pushing them to fail.
I think when you train your employees in the risk to the risk is preparing all their company to lack records.
I feel that what has to happen to move is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people that don't have fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, they move forward, I think we have to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear on a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From a knife at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And in short, we have to overcome transparency.
Today, a little bit of honesty is going to get a long way.
And he said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We Telecom Transport, has been introduced by my good CO2 friends who for 17, buying the rights of the name in Edin.
EM: It becomes big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
IMF presents the Tragedy the Tragedy."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 16-year-old 1960?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket. I have a control on behalf of the TED matrix organization, the Same Foundation, a control for 17, to be applied to my TED seat of the next year.
The idea behind the Sunday Compassion worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the emergency plant plant in Native.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we can compromise these systems that control speed and values, we can cause a lot of problems with the center.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we can put an effective virus of Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to keep this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with a Windows installation.
The leg goes into the gray box, damaging the center, and the Iranian nuclear program is defense, mission.
It's easy -- ...
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to investigate about Stanford about six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex at the Web part of Windows -- the installation used multiple vulnerability vulnerability.
It seemed to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infer our environment with Stanford and we saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
Stanford was shared as a lab rat that I didn't like our cheese, the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after I experienced with different cheese sandwich, I realized, and I thought, "This is a direct attack.
It's completely drawn?
The installation is looking for active in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place?
If not, Stanford doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal?
It might be, let's say for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better we discover the target soon.
So we extracted and described the code of attack, and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professional armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that they attack for.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Stanford Institute is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the load is very complex.
It's very above all we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about 15 thousand lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old fire language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we looked at temperatures and data structures and trying to relate them with the real world, with objective potential of the real world.
We need theories about delivering that we can approach or deliver.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent savings, it must be a valuable white -- and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infection has been replaced.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant of Bush and the elementary plant of Native.
So I said to my assistant, "You have a list of all the experts in central and power plants between our clients.
I called them and I put them into an effort for connecting their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital eye with the heart control.
The rotate is that mobile part of the center, that black object you see.
If you handle the speed of this round, they certainly can burn it and even make the censor explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and describe in a obvious effort for returning to the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this very quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital eye looking very close to data and their structures.
So for example, the 114 standard in that code, you can't obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centers are built in Nathan and found that they're a structure in what's called a waterfall and each waterfall is 140 centers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the code of attacked."
An almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So I haven't married, it wasn't like this.
The results have been getting up after several weeks of hard work.
We often ended up in cards and we had to go back to start.
Even so, we discovered that both digital limbs will take one and same goal, but from different angles.
The small piece is taking a waterfall and making the routes and related the rates, and the big piece is communicating with six watts and manipulate values.
In supermarket, we're very confident that we have determined what the destruction is.
It's Native, and it's just Native.
We don't have to worry about other goals to be achieved by Stanford.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really struck me.
There is the gray box -- and up you see the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of the sensors for example, of pressure sensors and the sensitivity sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these false entry data are predicted by Stanford.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is feeding video predator.
Is it great here?
The idea here is obviously not only to shoot the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive, really.
The idea is to give you a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbines is spent from speed, you have to open up spinning valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed, then you can pass bad things.
The plant can explode.
And not the operating system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attacks is generic at all.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with central experimental training.
It could work as well, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's general.
And you don't have a attacker, which will disseminate this load with a USA key, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
You can also use conventional worms of worms to distribute it.
They displace the most possible.
And if you did that, what you end up with is a cycle of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with big numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rama, it's made public in many sides that people assume that the Boston is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Landers, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My opinion is that the Moses is involved, but the engine is not Israel, right?
The engine behind this is cyber supermarket.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately fortunately after.
Because, otherwise our problems would be even higher.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Radio.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give skills support or another one that makes wheelchair use of wheelchair up and go back and walk.
In "Live Bionic Bionics, we call these robots, extracters.
They are nothing different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a big force -- that you can also increase your speed, and it helps him, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external disorders.
This is not an idea.
In order to show you now what we're working on is what we're working on to talk about the American soldier that, in average, it has to take up on their back a 45 kilogram load -- and it's being prepared to take more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- crazy injuries on the back, by 30 percent of the soldiers -- with a chronic day.
We decided to set up this challenge and create an exhibition that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the GDP -- or Portugle Human Cartellus.
Soldier: With the extracellular GDP, I can take 90 pounds on variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in the cars dragging and execute movements with great plane.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Emily Benki, we're ready, with our industrial partners, to produce this device -- this new extract, this year.
So it's a reality.
So let's go back to the look at the wheelchair of wheelchair -- what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in a row, in wheelchair around the world.
Like one percent of the whole population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often -- very young people, with damage in the backbone that when they start their life -- at 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that make it multiply quickly.
Their only choice, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complicated -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from his successful approach, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility.
So let me introduce you the graph that's using Amanda Books who 19 years ago had a injury in the vertical column, and as a result couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bouna: Thank you.
EB: Amazon is using our light, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
completely not invasive in the molecules that send signals to the edge computer here on the back.
There are also some batteries that give energy to the motors in the cards, and in the knees and make it move with this soft and very natural water.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, was running down the back of a paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and all movement of the pelvis, down.
Soon later, a doctor came into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Man, you'll never walk back to walk?
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my being.
The adoption technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to wake up in the back of students, scale rocks and even ride in hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but Alpha and all the wheelchair of wheelchair to everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the bottle, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the Festival Man Ferrand or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobos of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living patients.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, terrifying society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where the moral violence is still not observed yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understanding of big apes, unfortunately.
They live in the depths of the frozen rainforest, and it's been very hard to study it.
Congo is a paradigm, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the same sense, stage from a violent conflict that has been spread for decades and causes almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo, too.
The hunting meat of hunting and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the Bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly we're not sure of it.
However, on this violence of violence and you can hear the hidden laughter that the trees.
Who are these first principles?
We know them as the similar symmetries, not the war, because they have frequent sex and promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the James Super.
Boys, like humans, love to play along their lifetime.
It is not just a child's game.
For us and the game is critical to establish changes and foster the tourist.
And with him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity, diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo, you see the evolutionary roots of the laughter, the dance and the human rituals.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos that are taken from the wild medium.
First of all, it's a blue style game, and I'm not talking about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a perspective.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "The have the ball of the balls."
I just think that in this case he loves him, right?
Yeah.
So the sex game is as much as bone in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to the game -- the testicles -- and also how play requires trust and foster trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is pollution.
The game is policing, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more transportation, imagination, curious, maybe the place where the staggering is reported.
And I want you to see -- this is Future, a young female who is playing with water surprised.
I think, like that, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner worlds.
And it's that curious curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that the game is the key of these abilities.
In other words, play is our adult age.
To adapt to a successful world to a world that changes we have to play.
But do we leverage the maximum of our game?
The game is not French.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans, life is not just cruel and stop.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments that are the most urgent thing.
So primates, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we replicate creativity, friendship and amazing.
Thank you.
In New York City, I'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hong.
When I'm not fighting poverty, compared to you as a captain assistant in a volunteer firemen body.
And in our city, where volunteers are going to engage a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter in action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career in front of the other volunteers to get to the captain to charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was trained in a conversation with the province that certainly would take one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside the rain, under a paradigm, in the pajamas of pictures, and while his house was in fire.
The other volunteer that I had just got before I am, "The LED Lucid, --  he came up to the captain and he asked him to go out and save the dog of the house.
The dog, I was single cellulose?
There was a lawyer or a money manager who, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I walked into a building in calls to save a living being only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a advertising.
He said, "Listen, I need to be in the house.
I need it to climb up the fire, and I brought it to this woman a pair of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I would expect, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the British firemen that the high or less had finished the fire and entered the main room for a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my charge back to the staircase where I met my colleagues and the beautiful dog on the main door.
We took away from the house for the home of home, where, as I was waiting for her testimony to get much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the home owner by the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that somebody had reached him even a couple of shoes.
Both in my vote at Robin Hood, as in my vote as a volunteer lawyer, I'm a witness of the acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of access and courage on the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have come to, or they are to achieve -- remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give.
They serve food in a dining dining of a neighborhood.
They're mentally.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they trained the game, saving the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: March Maria, Martin, back.
Mark Benz: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1857 with a very simple idea of cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things that we, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LIGO came up with this.
It was called the automatic assembly land.
And in a few years, the Lego bricks.
It's estimated that they've been made over 400 billion or 75 pounds per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the concrete block -- the favorite, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick around each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block -- the transistor allows to create much bigger circuits and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing a little bit.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Literally these are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about all is that it was taken through magnets with it.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the room, the blue is the running, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to throw a blue blue with a green and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
One blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulation.
If we change the button for a pulse module. It's here, and now we have an interactive light.
Let's add this book to create more impact and have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, literature, it's actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connecting and flying, literature, allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it faster or slower and just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind a little bit of literature, is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to take ready to be ready to use.
Lucking, sound, solar panels, motors -- everything must be accessible.
We've given the chairs to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of an elevator is keeping open or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken a little bit of the design schools.
So for example, designers without experience some of them in electronics start playing with literature as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and foot, we have George created.
(Music metal."  I took a few weeks ago to the Rhode Island School designers who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that has done, an active trust channel for movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a drum made of platest that has fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, it was like the milk, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at all.
So, letting me, he has open code.
You can visit the website, download all of the design files and make them.
We want to add a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world where we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So let's go ahead and invention.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment focused on the environment.
Distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Mom. Wait a moment.
You can fold a little bit of card.
We can get better left the video on one side.
No.
This isn't it?
All right.
Solar technology is it?
Oh, I mean, the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to determine them, we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called "The American for America, and it would be like a Phase Film to telector.
We select some members every year and we put them to work with the mutations.
Instead of sending them to the Third World -- we send them to the municipal world.
They made big applications -- they worked with municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know there.
This is a city of Boston City.
Here it comes up as if you look for a quote, but what it really looks for is that someone clean it when he gets trapped by the snow because it knows it's not very good at pointing out when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to help in this simple way?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of "The American for America.
They were there in February and at that time I had a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleans these hydrogens.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else, that citizens clean up with sticks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, I developed an application.
It's a nice application in which you can adopt an application.
You accept clean when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case he put there.
If you don't do it, someone can steal it.
So it has a players' component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology can do.
And it stretches in viral form.
A responsibility for the city city systems when you saw this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt subject shares.
It's very important that they work these tsunami, but people steal the battery.
So I asked citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to go down the table tags.
And Chicago just launch it to get people to be recorded to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction and organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know that this doesn't normally happen.
So software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that the moment has cost 2,000 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and divided in a viral way is a kind of string of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best ways to work, not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, no restrictions in open and generation.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to tackle the question of the government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an anonymous institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we're really good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so we work together with efficacy.
And it's not only "The American for America, but there are hundreds of people all over the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by selling the government.
They feel a big frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row at the DVD -- and all those other things that put us crazy -- the government is, in essence, in the words of Tim Obama -- what we do together because we can just not can."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I will ask you to do it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government is.
And because the government in the last installation of us -- remember that from "The people: the way we think about it to affect the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to be able to be carbon.
Well, after two years, I have come to the conclusion that the government is, especially a matter of Northern.
This is the cellular attention of service and information.
It's the place that takes the calls if you score 380 in the U.S.
Scott attention this call.
He wrote "The Open-source source."
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, you can open the doors in the house, put strong music and see if you go?
And it worked. So well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the Northern.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile called "The Connectivity Connection.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the Bureau of New Mechanical University in Boston.
One day, this was actually going on -- it was like, "Live my trash cube. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it to do it?
The dynamics of "The Connectivity Content is different.
Scott was talking to person.
In "The Connection Congo all of the public, so everyone can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbors.
The next report said, "I come up to the place, I found the garbage card behind the house.
Zameeran Zamenta? Yeah. Here? Yes.
He turned the cube back. I went home.
Good night, sweet Louise."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to the distributed volunteer collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the definition technology definition.
I talk about a platform for people to be quiet and helping others.
So a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
I connect the two people.
And it might have connected to government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we formed communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about the government is that it's not the same as the politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think you're the input of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfaction our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean, and politics is the surface of 15 inches again.
So that's what we call grade.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that desperation that keeps us that is that that we have that we have that we fund in our contract, that other thing, and we are losing power.
People believe that policy is sensitive.
If we want this institution to have to make the bureaucracy sensitive.
Because it's where the real work of government happens.
We have to collaborate with government manufacturing.
That makes the Olympic movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of care citizens that have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the request of the SETI -- the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic act.
And for those of us that have been resisted to the government, it's time that we asked ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't get government from government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to replicate root the function of government so that it can expand for civil society.
There is a generation that grows with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act on the substance, just to articulate systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am, to records, I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
You can express their opinions in any channel at the same time, and they do.
So when you face the government problem doesn't care too much to hear their voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make it work better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It may be called a hydrogen that may be scared by the massages, take a ball of junk that has a Northern in it.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those lines, and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we're not only consumption, we're not only consumers of government that we pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizens.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, we'll be a cook of voices, or will we be a multiple hand?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and in the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginal communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that say here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not otherwise have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feelings, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it was whether it's carbon, you can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of a fantastic family, dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the dinosaurs in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia over 1840.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery as I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was small and looked at it, she came up to me and gave me a good open.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was surprised.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at me, and he said, "Look, you still feel my open?
And if I said no, I would go back and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
He had this human quality that made you always want to be near it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the lowest of the 10.
In occasions, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins running there.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and I looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at her, and she was solemn, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up the room, he took me out of my hand, and he said, "Do Brian Bronx. We are going to converse.
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
Never forget it.
He took me outside, and he said, "Look, I'll tell you something, but you can't say to anybody ...
I said, "It's good. Mam.
She said, "Now I would make sure I didn't do it." I said, "Look."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
Never forget it.
Then he said, "I want you to try three things: Bronx."
I said, "You know, Mama."
And he said, "The first one I want you to do is you always want your mother."
And Apple, the guy is my history, and you have to promise that always the career always?
As I turned to my mom, I said, "Yeah, Mom, so I'll do it.
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is they always do the right thing as hard as the right thing is hard?
I thought about it, and I said, "Yeah, Mom, so I'll go.
Then finally he said, "The third I want you to do is you never drink alcohol, you know.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yeah, Mom, so I'll go.
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year old year and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where I did, I was terrified to my sister and I went to the forest.
We just got the crazy little of the time.
He took a beer beer, I offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. You're right, you know, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today you do it. And you always do the same thing as we do.
I already took something, your sister also takes a beer.
I said, "No, I don't feel good, you can follow.
Then my brother looked at me staring at me.
He said, "What happens to you? Take a beer?
I was signing up with strength and said, "Oh, I'm not going to be you thinking about the conversation with Mama."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "To tell all the grandchildren that are special.
I stayed in.
I have to admit something to you.
Let me tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know that this would be distributed amazing.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a alcohol of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking that it's a virtue. I tell you for the power that identity has identifies.
When we create the right kind of identity of identity, we say things to the others that they don't really see that way.
We can't get them to do things that they don't believe can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during property.
My uncle died from age-related disease.
And these were the things that, according to her, we had to compete it.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different today than 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there's 2.3 million.
In America we have the highest incarceration rate of the world.
We have seven million people in conditions of conditions.
And this massive inconvenience, in my view, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it finds so much, so much despair.
One of three black black between the 18 and the 30 years is in jail or competitive freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philippines, Baltimore Washington, Washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all of the young people are in jail or competitive freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not culturally, but it is wealth what the results is.
And it seems that we feel very concrete.
The policy of fear and strength makes us believe that these are not problems of us.
We're discovered.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some good current development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you provide from rights forever, if you have a criminal drive.
Right now in Alabama, 24 percent of the black male population has lost the right to the vote.
And if we projected it to the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they passed the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where they felt 13 years old to die in prison.
We've got this prison country for children, no possibility of coming out there.
Now we're in a process of some lickstanks.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death of death.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
In a sense, have you taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the commentary crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the communist crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
From every nine people executed -- it's identified one that is innocent that it's extracted and released from the death of death.
An error rate, amazing, an innocent of each nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it will not allow you to never have airplanes if every nine to wake up, you would have been in the star of it.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve killed.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about average history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and he lasted to the Second World War.
Actually, we don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being literally.
I worry about being a share.
The threat threat was what they define their lives.
Now there are older people who are approaching me and they say, "Mr. Stanford." You tell me, "You talk about, you talk to the people who stop saying that in our history we do for the first time with terrorism, after 1850.
They asked me to say, "No, I say we grew up with that."
The era of terrorism continues to continue on, obviously, with security and decades of racial supply and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about reasons. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real and reconstructive process.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial sensitivity without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this engagement, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty conferences to death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good worrying about what you say?
And Apple, "We have no death in Germany.
Naturally, we can never have it here.
The room was left in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our story, we can never get us in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentions and distributed, we were able to run people out.
Remember about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, running people, especially if they were in their greater game?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this mess.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things is, however, impossible.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately -- those realities are exposed by suffering, abuse, degree, massive.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We just talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the desks, which will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's within our being.
We have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed with the intellectual thing.
With creativity with creativity.
These things come from ideas food also by the conventions of the heart.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to lose ourselves not only the brilliant and destruction, but also the dark and how hard.
Valley Handy, the great chimpanzee leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Eastern Europe suffering the operation, we would take all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for the spirit -- a willingness to be in destroying sites and being to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to
Well, that orientation for the spirit is mostly in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must be competitively.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exception, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
So let's find it back again.
I had the great privilege -- being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Park.
These women gather just to speak.
Occasionally, the Caribbean lady called me to say, "Look, it comes the Park Sub. We're going to meet you to speak.
Do you want to come and hear it?
I said, "I'm a lady. I love you."
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "Look on.
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very violent, very light.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies -- and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Paris was headed to me and said, "Are Brazil, give me that this idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do.
And I started giving me my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted income.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We tried to end up with life sensors, without freedom condition for children.
We try to do something about death.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end up with the massive inconvenience.
I gave all of my best speech, and I looked at me and he looked at me, and he said, "I mean, My Mom Mom Monterey."
And he said, "Let's have a sense of sense, very soon."
At that point, Ms. Carrill was included, he put her finger on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very very valuable."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally, humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worse we have ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a lie.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not a land.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a straight.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and, certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's what it is.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I believe that even though it's very dramatic. Very beautiful, very illumination, very exhilarating, not being saved by our technology, for our designs or for our intellectual capacity or rational ability.
At the end of a society, it's not because of the way they treat rich and powerful and privilege, but because of the way they treat poor people, the controls of the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly deep issues about what we are.
I feel destructive in times. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I get tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been feeling very hard.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, who have been skilled to be satellited as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn to someone in what isn't it?
I judge it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night too late I was down to think about -- by God, if the judge can become something that you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Bronx, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask something about that.
As it was too late on, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a movement.
I had a 14 year-old customer, a tiny, poor, black man.
I started working on the model, with an excuse that said, "Well, so my 14-year-old black customer is treated as a 75-year-old privileged white back of a corporate."
In the movement I found that there had been an inherent behavior in access, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethics but a lack of ethics in this country.
So the next morning, I woke up thinking that intense movement would be a dream -- or really wrote it?
For my horror, not only had it broken it, but he had sent it to the cortex.
They spent about two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car, and I felt really a fire, overwhelming it.
I was in the car to judge it.
I thought this would be very difficult and small.
I finally pulled out of the car. I walked to the salad.
I was coming up the stairs when I found myself with a older black man, it was the control of the salad.
When I saw me, I came up and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer, he says, "It's your angle? I said yes.
So I was appropriate and opened.
And I was whispering in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was violent.
That was deeply connected with my inside, with my identity with the capacity that we all have to contribute to the community with an hope.
Well, I walked into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stanford, you write this blue mountain?
I said, "If Mr. I was -- and we started discussing it.
People started to go. They were all indigenous.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
The cops came up with the police physics, the authorities.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was filled with people -- all of them because we talked about reasons, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the rapid eye of the eye to see that I was going and came in.
They looked through the window and I got to hear all that grade.
I kept walking for here and for there.
Finally, this old black man, with the face of worried, walked in the room and sat behind me, almost on the table table.
So about 10 minutes later, the judge would tell a recession.
During the disaster one of the anti-caring of the algorithm was shown off because the content had entered the room.
The attendance is applauded over the old black.
And he said, "Do, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood on foot, he looked at me, and he looked at me and said, "In this audience room to tell this young man to keep their view in the truck with share."
I have come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds to justice.
We can't really be human evolved if we don't worry about human rights and by dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design and entertainment and creativity should be able to lead to privilege, compassion and justice.
And above all of all, those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with share.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an email desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes to do something.
Something that's not a check, what can we do?
JS: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum -- this spring in which an effort is going to be going to be able to reduce the funds that will spend today in punishment policies.
For example, here in California, you will spend a billion dollars in the death penalty in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, 40 percent of the homicide cases don't conclude in arrested.
Forty percent of the rapes don't get to anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This reference, it's going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make it put the law, to security.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it says it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to the people who think that is?
JS: In fact, crime rates with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in massive incarceration in this country is not for violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it comes up this dramatic increase in the prison population.
And we let us convince the punishment of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people on perpetual chain, for stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against the property instead of making those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brown, you've been excited about running here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by the death of bin Laden.
London 2: Ham in Somalia, London 3: The police has O.C.
Announcer: Charles disappeared, Louis 5:30 Charles.
Long 6:
London 8: The tsunami, London 1, Centernet.
Severe local local local? War to nose. Massage destruction. Third.
recession Bangladesh, Bangladesh, Earth, Egypt, Shanghai.
Creature. Death Deare. Deliver.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamander: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, they would immediately be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media will prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every single day our senses get a lot more data than the brain can probably process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first paradox of all of those data is an old fragment of the temporary lobe called ambition.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Order and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a decade of stories we will rather look at the negative.
That old portrait of the press, "If there is blood, you see, it's very true.
And since all digital devices provide us negative news the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pessimistic.
Not surprising that people think the world goes wrong in worse.
But maybe it isn't.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is that we get distributions.
Maybe the huge progress in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance over the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, endangered species -- the shortage of water and energy -- without doubt.
As human beings are really good at applying the problems and, in the long time, we left with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, life average has been more than doubled -- average income per capita income has been transported around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Furthermore, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Picture showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya, that global literacy spent 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
Many people forget it.
And we keep hearing more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, in the United States, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, banks, refrigerators, television, mobile air and cars.
The brown muscles of the past century, the employees on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
They support a lot of this is the technology and, literally, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurturing showed that any tool that goes into information technology in this curve, Moore's Law and doubled the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a seven year-old supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing that is, in good and bad times, in war and peace in recession -- in recession and in face.
It's the result of rapid computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And even though it's graduated on a law on the left, it gets curved up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, to the Moran Law tracks, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends in Australia call infinite computing and sensors and networks -- robotics, 3D printing and their capacity of democracy and distributed personalized production across the planet, the synthetic biology, the fuels, the vacuum and the food, the digital medicine and the A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jerusale of Watson, from HIV from HIV.
It was special.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline than ever had.
And I loved this one: "Do you have to come to human opinions?
Jerusalem is not an easy game.
It plays with the killing of the human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurturing and I, launched a new university called Senator University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and, in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company, or a product or service that can physically affect a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sound absurd.
Today we can look at a decade of companies that have done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating fancy life for every single corner of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce and coming back to it.
You see, the scarcity is contributional and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National HIV medium from 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of System.
The National troops ate with silver, and the same Nairobi, with gold covered with gold.
But the king of System, ate with aluminum covered calls.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, more than the gold and the dish.
So the tip of the Monterey to Washington is allies.
You see, even though the aluminum is 91 percent of the Earth's mass -- it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's tied by oxygen and silence.
But then the electronics came up and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was discovered.
We projected this analogy towards the future.
We think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet, for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 tenths of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about scarcity.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation for disease, 94, sandwich versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy dropped 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the southern parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents a hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have an abundance of energy as well, we have plenty of water.
Let's talk about wars for water.
Remember when Carl Sanda pointed the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after I spent Saturn?
I put a famous picture. How would it be?
"A pale blue point.
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 9/11, it's water water, two percent is ice, and we fought for 5,000 of the water on the planet, but also here is an hope.
It's a technology available not 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotubernol, the nanotubes.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the British -- I'd like to share with you, gave me permission to do it, his technology called Stanford -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It is able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day of any source -- and salary water, a legal leg, for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed that I will do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a trust that it will be, Coca-Cola will be implemented by 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation empowering by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2011.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications communications than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to count with a smart cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information abundance and communications that no one could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- 1985, video video, images of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, now they are delighted and losing market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing is going to get the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Foundation County something called the X The The A Transition The X-ray The X-ray The X-ray The X-ray.
We are challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has A.I. -- they can take a show -- you can extract blood blood.
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical equipment.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors, where the death charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that you don't recognize -- called the health of health, and first to avoid that the pandemic happens.
But this is the biggest force to produce an abundance world.
I call it the billion performance.
The white lines here are the population.
We just passed the mark of the seven billion dollars.
By the way, the best protection against democratic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2050, it goes from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never even heard that the global conversation.
What would these people?
What do you do? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the biggest economic integrity in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And the healthier of the health because of the triangle, a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing, and the computer in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three million more members of humanity and educated and productive health products."
How about a few voices never before?
What if you give the operations, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
What do these three billion materials?
What if you are contributions that we can't predict.
One thing that I learned with the X Prize, is that small teams -- you go through their passion with a clear goal, they can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Fortex.
I went into the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino acids and find out how the protein is used.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's really important in medical research.
And so far, it was a survival problem.
You've played with this college teacher, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people went up and started playing.
And it's shown that the recognition machinery of human patterns is better to bring proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion.
We have the capital of the manipulation.
And we have three million new minds that are moving together to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extra decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the controller of the party point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is Charles Darwin one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, 1838.
Maybe they believe that personalized penguins, but it wasn't.
It actually collected fish.
And I described one of them as a very "blood?
It was the feet.
It was seen so much until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red Red List.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is that we still come to Galapagos.
We still think they're prison.
The pollutions still say they remain intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the contribution of the tape.
Because I was there in 1973, studying a land in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought it could integrate it.
I took a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The land was surrounded by words, and, as you can see, a few manipulates.
There were some threat of about 20 inches -- the black bar structure.
And the fishing of this structure was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so he won more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had fallen in half.
They map at five inches at the table.
You experience a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
So nothing to change, but it's all changed.
My third story is that I was crazy in the introduction of the fishing fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I said, it started in 1960, Europe did many development projects.
Design fishing was used to impose the countries that were already 100,000 fishermen -- impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly -- called the Muslim four.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in southern China Sea in China Rosetta and, especially in the Japan.
What we captured was something that was starting to it.
So let's get it, now I know, the sea floor.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spectrum, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny blobs on a few seconds, which are a fish of coral reefs.
In short, the sea fund came into the cover and then was thrown off.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In one year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid coral corner, in this case, to be a light up.
This is a dead card.
They didn't eat them. They were disappeared because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not a drama.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of restroom is what they pick up the fishermen every time you go to an area where they have never been fish.
But it's not documentary.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We put the point of party, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generate this happens something like this.
On the axis -- and we have good things, biodiversity -- a lot of arms, the salary of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images to get into the beginning of their life conscious as normal and extracted it forward.
The difference is that they perceive the loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can look at the change of changes.
And at the end of the end, they keep a few other metaphors.
And that, in large extent, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they are.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predator societies kill animals without knowing what they have done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before you get extinct -- it's little bad.
You don't lose nice animals.
You lose animals fine.
Even if this isn't perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a sea synonymous of big fish.
They become little frequent because the fishing fish.
Over time there are few fish, but we think that's the point of party.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in one way before it's not the way they expect them to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you have, like that captured such and such a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or usually not using the scientists of fishing, because it's not "the "Contemporary?
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in instant societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can take a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We recognize the past that people can't conceive because the starting point has been running and is extremely low.
That's for the people that you can see a protected marine zone and can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their point of party.
And what about the people who can't do it because they have no access, like the Middle West, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema may be able to fill the vacuum.
This is a Christian Bay simulation.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Columbia Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that mathematics and the tons are like "Lettiness."
And if you think about "Lamana if you think about why people get together with the movie -- and talk about Party history, why do you match with images.
Because they avoid something that, in a sense, it's lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I give, is Cameroon to Calcula Die, under water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin alcohol, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So we're going to see why the videos are becoming viral and what important does that.
We all want to be stars, celebrities, singers, company -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make them famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
More than 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute.
And of those, only a little percentage of it is surrounded, they receive countless visits and cultural motion.
How does that happen?
Three things: Treatment and set of technology and strong factors.
Well, let's start.
George Valley," Oh, my God, God me.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Ohim, quickly.
KA: Last year, George Super published this video film outside his home at the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This chart shows the representations in the popular summer of the summer.
Bert is not prepared to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share an arc that was done.
That's what you do if it's called Mother Mountain Berlin.
I had published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kim.
Jimmy Kim published this thing that captured the video to popularity video.
The trend creators like Jimmy King presented us new and interesting things and divided them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black --  It's Friday, Friday, you have to start the Friday,   Everybody wants the weekend to come up the weekend --    Vanism, Friday, start the flag.  KA: Don't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"The "Don't Gen Bell is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This chart shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Mary was fourth, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks are also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday standard?
Well, I took it Tomorrow, and many blogs started to write about it.
Michael June, News, from Mister Science Thomas, was one of the first people in making a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of tendency to adopt a point of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parasites of "Liveria, in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the Senate phenomenon or doing something new with that.
"And Case, it's a repetitive animation with a music nearby.
So, that's it.
This year you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there is a three-year-old version that has seen four million times.
Until the cats, they saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that I woke up between the Internet Trade community.
There was remote.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became international to it.
Suddenly, it came up a whole refugee community that made this happen.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who might have predicted something like this?
Who might have predicted "The God God, or Red Canada?
What good could you have written that contributionate this situation?
In a world where two days of video goes up for minute, only that really unique and unexpected can download the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the multiple men in New York City, I admit that I don't really interest myself too much.
Casey Nellane, I was kept by not circular by the bike, but often there are obstacles that prevent you certainly carbon for the bicycle.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey New got five million people to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things we do.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Valley," what does this mean?
Okay.
KA: What does this mean?
Trade creators -- creative communities of participation -- completely unexpected -- are features of a new kind of media, from a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity to define it.
As I said, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justine Big, started in YouTube.
They didn't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little danger of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- it's just the media of today's media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still built.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a lifetime.
It's a poet, a decomposing, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine while the communities come into Santa, they opened the fact that their life had been fully in volume.
The words, for so much friends, now would show it.
It replaced in silence.
He died through history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in voice, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to apply it, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to the degree and slipping down to sea.
My mother was just 18 years old when her father died and a marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had gone down to a task -- the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unconventional for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a 45 year-old supply that challenges the fiction, a boat is thrown into the sea degree of fishing flag.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the pirates, the rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother would take a fresh with poison.
If you capture us, first of all, we took my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine -- the clinic to support them in every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I didn't remember the pirate pieces that came several times, but they were angry with the value of men in our boat, or the engine died and they couldn't get up for six hours.
But I know the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, finished the journey was too much for him, and the first apple that I tried to do, given for the men.
No apple had then the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp in a refugee camp, we would take them in Meling.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shape a new life together.
We set up in Forgettic, a working class supply whose population is composed of immortality.
Unlike the middle class suburbs -- whose existence I discovered, in Forget, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were from the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English entered were extracted between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car mountain line, working six days, double turn.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a title on MIT -- information?
We were poor.
All the dollars were attached, and they established an extra tutor in English and math, no matter what it was supposed to stop, which was usually new clothes, always was a second hand.
Two parts of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tanks, because I had to last six years.
And there were single street and painful singing on the mass measures, and some graph, "Look, come home.
At home, what?
Something in me is surrounded.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support it."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exploded every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered airport, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then I studied to be a student and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and income kids trapped between two worlds.
They look for subsidies and participation.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, you can implement what it demands from myself.
In the other, I was entirely entirely entirely distributed by the violence, the drug of drug and the isolation.
But many received help through the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian young year.
And I was a piece of a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit down.
So I read an anonymous resident of Forget, it was now so myself, reflected and social activity, invited to talk about sites that never heard name, and in houses whose existence was never imagined.
I didn't know prototypes.
I didn't know how to use covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routine and the comfort of life in a suburb in a suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ended up the day as they did for almost 20 years old, put on the day of each and stay asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mother that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we went into the ship.
The "No, I had never been an option.
"The "The "Cancer "Did I said, "If you're not what you are."
So I talked about youth and education and disappointment to the markers and the desks.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I would be able to speak.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And even though I finished my license, I realized that I couldn't stay in an Aboriginal career.
There was another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a newly arrived, new on the scene -- and not only is it right, but it's something that is so grateful, maybe a ship of the ship.
Because being in front of it can easily mean to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean to accept the presence of your province for you.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world was deliberately, but not the way we fear it.
Position that they hadn't been allowed to be allowed to be absolutely announced.
There was an energy there, an optimistic optimism -- a rare mix of humility and value.
So I followed my intuition.
I put together a little group of people for whom the motto can't be done, it was an irresistible challenge.
For one year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked all night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the U.S.
after a single journey.
My correlations again.
Three months later, I had moved to me, and the adventure kept on.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Congress was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person who matters.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17, it became a conversation of a Mandela whose mother beat it.
No support of his husband, he caused a supply to defend them and taking the cause herself and much more reverse when I won.
You can't make it be wrong.
I was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney, when she died -- 1,000 miles in Meling.
I looked through the map of the shower and I saw her stop on the other side.
I knew I had come to stop.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple, and we sat around her attack.
We tell them stories and make sure we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us that he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to follow her hand.
I asked the mother, "Why your hand is hot, and the rest of the body so cool?
"You have taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You've never been successful."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life forms us, now we can see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated.
The defeat was easily accelerated.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask myself about the boat.
Who could do that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy thing, on the right.
Can I give you a professor in their lives, supply them in every wave, the impact rate of the engine -- the vast horizon that would not guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give you and see it, I would do it.
Transition News, and also the mother of so much is here today, in the fourth or fifth row here.
My story starts in Rama about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the singing sun Muslim Alaska.
We were conversation how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian Elephant "play?
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car and save the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Arabic, the big Indian warrior was set up, and he had a ball and a arrow on the ground, getting water.
Now we do the same with tattoos and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that makes me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a lander if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't touch my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his corruption platform of pocket.
And this technology of 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and narratives in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile chairs, luxury clocks and cameras prevent us to be.
You know, our inspiration.
That's why I was launched, I gave this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
They illustrate books since the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a drug device capable of connecting to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we going.
Take the text with the image, animation, sound and touch.
Narrative becomes increasingly multiplied.
But what does that happen?
I'm about to launch Kong, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I have your fingers about every light."
And so --  He says, "This box belongs to you." I wrote my name.
And so I became a character of the book.
In several moments, I get a character -- the iPod knows where I live at GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magic and drama, but that childhood magic -- those ideas that we opened from kids.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting to me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad.
And they really illuminate your path in what the book is.
Another idea that I was fascinated with a girl was that a whole galaxy ran in a balloon.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ball that I dragged into this magical device inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In all of the fantasy books always have been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows up, function and guided during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to come in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the advertises.
We've all heard about fairies and men -- but how many people outside India know their Indian controlled, the partners?
These poor properties have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old and square book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems for the last 10 years has been that kids have been standing in the street, pervasive to their Pixel, haven't gone into the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or iPad, and collect images from different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of calls, stones, pieces, guitarians and content.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out and, in a chapter taking a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that then can put on the Web.
A child from London puts a picture of a clothes and says, "Oh, I saw a clothes."
A child from India says, "I saw a monkey?
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken off.
Within the variations of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we have an interaction where you go out with the iPod and the video up and through the augmented reality you see a group of analysis that appear on the inside plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and play them so you can read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are trained with technology and magic and technology will come one to another.
We cut energy from the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why many of them are fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop hearing patients.
And one of the things we did at the University Radis was to go to a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or you and asked patients and family and knowledge? What happens?
"How can we help it?"
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the properties of the failure, because we stop listening.
This is my biology William. It's something very simple.
It has a period of light and stopped.
All tomorrow.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 Kole Katrin.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my doctor to call has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when I need heart assistance or some urgency of that style, but seeing it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connected to my biology Will and before I come up to my car, people start talking to me, Lucad, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also so that patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week I'm going to be available.
This little grasp connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they come back to control control and be capitalistic from their own boat, but also can help us care care about the health care because of the challenges that we face, as the cost of the cost of media attention, demand of demand and other issues.
They make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to involve patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crops.
And one of the things we did would like to share it with a video.
We all have navigation controls in the cars.
Maybe we have it in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic caves in Maladian are.
It's also where all of the gas gas.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest Deline to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where to get Dylan saved lives right now.
What we did was we do growth in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience that you see a Department, please send it, give them where, and when it's open, because sometimes open up in office homes and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA already introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was looking for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Labad, augmented reality to find these Department.
And every time they are in the city of Maladian and somebody collapsed, they can use their iPhone, and the next week they use their cell phone to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like Doma 43, which is the name of the product, but also like Department.
And we wanted to start at the global level.
We're putting all of the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act like a center for the Greenland growth around the world.
Every time you're on vacation and someone collapsed, it can be a particular or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value this Deline.
They could be a message service or a phone people, for example, to see if the DARPA that is shown is still in its place.
Please leave them in this and not only improve health but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photographs.
Or is it "The photographer?
Because, of course, they're photographs that you can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed up with my previous passion for the drawing, but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the pill.
For me, photography had more than seeing with being in the right place, at the point of time.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that will start by pressing the pill.
Pick like this, a building in a very tragic road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of real real.
Or pictures like this, dark and colorful at the time, but with the common objective of keeping the level of real reaction.
And when I say to you that I say the fireflies.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Pick that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details or the colors?
Do you intervene light?
What does the illusion.
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world, and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is real.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we took different pieces of reality and we bring them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginative objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in some way you can create something that still looks three-dimensional, as if there was existed.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic -- I think they're those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will follow to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined -- you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come up with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect one.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think that this is a picture of a landscape and the bottom part is manipulating it.
But this picture is fully composed of photographs of different places.
I think it's easier to create a place that you will find because you don't need to put the ideas on your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to make it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The substantial part was captured in a stone bottle.
And yes, even I did the house of the island of the island so that it seemed more sun.
So to get a realistic outcome, I think it makes planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing you a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it?
It's a diagram that I took from a card myself.
I don't care so much to show you the details but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of Richard microbes versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this is, like many other people that we can see, is kind of a straight line on the local scale.
In other words, every step here represents a magnitude of magnitude on the scale of performance.
Speaking of technology with subjective curves is a novel thing.
Here's something strange here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please get the lights.
They would need more intense because they wrote about paper.
Why do we deliver technology curves on lung scales.
The answer is that if they draw them in a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to graduate -- the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you graduate, for example, some other technology, like transportation in a service curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a quantum change.
If the technology of transportation will move as fast as the microscope, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move at that rhythm.
There is no precedent in the history of the technology development of a remote growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to do is -- look at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't keep forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve. I know how this is until you roll something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like that.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
From being so, we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I try to ask you, is what is that new way to adopt the world?
What new state is the world going to be?
The transition looks very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember a child in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been discovered, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel like something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will be so different that you extract what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience it.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and computer technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The scale scale in which I'd like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back to about 2.5 million years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
So if we look at the way those chemicals are organize -- we give you an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating a few gallons of oil with all kinds of chemicals.
Some of those oil boxes contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the drops grew down.
And they started to split it.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil gaps.
But those galaxies were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were divided by an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they count.
So each gap was a little bit different.
In fact, the goggles that somehow are being able to be better in the time of incorporating the chemicals, they grow more, they get more chemicals and they divided more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented by it.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things got interesting when these cats learned the trick of abstract.
In some way that we don't understand very well these gaps learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, it would fit into this evolutionary evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to do to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2,500 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microscope that I tried to hide to the security people of the airport.
But contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA frame and amplify it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have many for all the present, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was an email would have put it in a virus, and it would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another one billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things were taken very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming the cell community.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, they evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the penicillin, and they will force them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there's a lot of resistance, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to become communities that were formed in a way, in a way, they were together on that, and they set up a synch.com.
So they survived or failing together, or that if a community was very successful, all of the individuals of that community would replicate more and they were favorite by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities get together so much that, in fact, they turned together and decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next stage that was interesting for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multi-powered communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have a lot of cells that no longer act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without heart, or the muscles of the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and made levels more interesting than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of receiving and understanding and bringing information together.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learning not to eat some fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to trust an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here sitting in a little bit of gray, and hopefully building a similar idea -- empty and concrete, in his heads that I would run some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated to do that into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organism.
In fact, as humanity we've started to do abstract.
Now we go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our metaphor methods and present and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
Television, computing -- the computer tape, the GDP, the RBO: are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that makes us a much bigger thing, faster and capable of evolving more than we do before.
Now evolution can happen in microscope.
You saw the evolutionary example of the T in which I produced some evolution with the Congress program -- to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you about carrying a billion years each.
The next stages -- the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is removed, I guess that automatically is the right word to name something that speeds its own pace of change.
The more changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this cup of the curve.
We see the process removed.
But I got a life to design computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that machine of connections.
There are billions of million.
Rather than that, with the designers of Thailand Manhattan -- we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that makes something that you couldn't even be able to be far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
An interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscope.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, you can run a hundred million sequences of instructions to the seat?
Could you run these sequences of instructions to random and run all those programs, and take those that will be applied to what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say that I want to take numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to get closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions -- originally numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, I could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Look, you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
We got those and we eliminated the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that are best on the numbers.
And we went back to represent a process of analog recognition to sex.
We took two programs -- that they would take children, which are exchanging superstars, and that children have inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the programs of programs that had a little bit more successful.
And we say, "Please repeat the process.
It carried out again.
It involves some mutations.
And it tries again and replicate with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that orbit numbers in absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell how they work.
I've tried to analyze you to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strangers.
But they get the competition.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a hundred thousand thousand programs that they did it.
In fact, their lives depend on it.
Once I was in a 747 with Martin Minister and I took a card and he says, "Look this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer a safe flight. Don't make you feel a sense."
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started dependent on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so you can run these programs much more quickly.
So it is removed.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so confident.
Because all these technologies are removed.
We're awake.
And we are at a moment an analog moment to the toxic organism when they became multinational.
We are the threats and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the point of influence.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant of our part thinking that we are the end product of evolution.
And I think we all are part of the creation of what they come from.
But now it comes the lunch, and I think I'm going to stop here before I chose me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that must change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've spread enough enough to allow me enough of my false pressure to that.
Before I try to treat the theme of my talk, we talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end, the World Second World.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is filled with amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about getting "deprived the rules, talking about statistics and used to form a great baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called the ball average.
And we talked about 300 of a battle that goes 300 dollars.
That means that the ball based on exactly, three of 10 times.
That means to launch the ball to the game field without being caught. And that anyone who tries to launch the first base, it doesn't get in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know how to call a bank of 300 in the Great Libetrans?
Well, really good, maybe the star team.
Do you know how to call a back of the bottom 400?
By the way, that's someone that from 10 biscuits -- it flies four.
Letters, like the legendary Ted Williams -- the last player of the Great League of Bilbao in running more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we bring this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you about today.
Suppose they have analysis and they are defended to a surgeon that has also a 400 of a report in depression.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a crowded place and one being wanted to have two obsessed coronary arteries and their family physician led it to a heart whose region in Amazon is 200 dollars.
But you know what?
She's getting remarkable this year.
Their actions have been 25.2
This is not working.
But they ask them.
What do you think should be the average application of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon or a nurse or a genetic observator."
One thousand, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them the world, and it includes me, with the management of being perfect.
That never, never -- they take a mistake and make sure how to do it right.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was on the medical machine.
I was a competitive obsession student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Golden studied to a blood test.
Such thing.
I studied in my little date, in the nurses of the General General Hospital House, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my class of anatomy -- memory the origin and muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the bottom, the frequency difference and the non-profit difference.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the reduction of the kidney toy apples.
And as so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good, I graduated with homes.
And they set up from medical school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then you will know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I get rid of mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Drama Drama.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when I brought to the Dr. Drama to the emergency service where I was working on.
At the time I was assigned to the heart service.
And when you emergency it to a cardiologist to get me to that patient.
And they report to the head of resistance.
When I saw the Drug lady, I was getting sick.
I heard a subjective sound.
And when the autonomy I heard a burning sound in both sides -- which indicates me a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stopped working, and instead of pumping the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, and these are full of blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it, and I started working on the treatment I would give him.
He gave him aspirations and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him diabetes, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid down.
And in a hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there was when I ate the first mistake, he sent her home.
In fact, I ate two more mistakes.
He sent it to his house without talking to the head of resistance.
I didn't take the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it with him for her to see.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to take complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I didn't want to be a resident that requires constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to make responsibility that could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake that I ate was worse.
When you send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice on my inside that said, "Look, it's not a good idea. Don't do it.
In fact, I was so insecure that even I asked the nurse to take care of the Drug Super, "Do you know it's okay if you go to your home?"
And the nurse thought, and then he said to all of the nature, "Yeah, I think it's going to be OK."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance together with the paradigms took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I was sent to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where I was my car to go home. At that moment I did something that I don't usually do.
I went through the emergency service service to home.
And there another nurse, not the thing that would take care of the Drama Drank before, but another, it told me three words, those three words that most of the medical emergency doctors.
Other specialists are also afraid as well, but there's a precision in the emergency and is that we see the patients.
The three words are it? Is you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice.
She was fine.
But they went back and on the brink of death.
As a time to have come to his house, after I gave him the high -- he suffered a collapse and his family called the 917, the parasites brought it to emergency with a 50 millimeters of Haiti, which means a severe shock.
I was just breathing and was blue.
The emergency staff is taking all their resources.
They gave him medication to get the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was managed to go up to the cord.
He had a mix of feelings because after the station was in intensive therapy, and I expected to have any hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I never wake up.
He had a graduate brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were solved to what was happening.
And at ninth day, they let it go. The Drama Drama, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I got married by it and experiment for the first time the embarrassment that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just -- an isolated salestyle, without feeling that healthy embarrassment because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil embarrassment that I talk about is that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was we were wrong.
And that felt like that.
And it wasn't on my boss -- he was a love.
I spoke to the family, and I am sure that I would take things up and make sure that I won't prove me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my shoulder? Why did I send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did it make a mistake so still?
Why I chose medication.
Little by that feeling was discovered.
And I started feeling better.
And in one day, the sky opened up and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with with me that if I would cut the efforts to be perfect to make it perfect for not to make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it went back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he pointed here.
I looked at his throat, I was a little color.
He gave him penicillin and sent it to his house.
But as he turned to the door still pointed out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guide change, my boss asked me to talk about with me surprised in his office.
And they produce the three words: Is you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the gardened?
Well, he came back and I didn't have a strategic failure.
He had a potentially deadly supply called education.
You can look at Google -- it's an infection, not of the throat, but of the air air around, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He was, fortunately, not fail.
You get antibiotics that are going to come in, and they recover the few days.
And I went through the same period of embarrassment and replaced, and then I approached me and went back to work, until again again and again and again.
Two times in the same turn of emergency -- not delivering diagnosis.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because it gets to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I don't send them home, and I don't think it's been a description.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
He ordered a kidneys, but it was normal -- a colleague that was reviewed to the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I ordered the liquid for reflection, and I asked my colleague to check it.
They reviewed it and when I noticed some sensitivity in the lower right, called the surgeon.
They were both operated and recorded well.
But every single case I was strangely, I would show you.
But I'd like to tell you that I ate the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a portrait.
The most significant people have been over the last five years.
Just approach and without support.
And here's the problem, if I can't release you and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that I tell you what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach them this to do that you don't get the same mistakes?
If I go into a place like this, I had no idea what you think about me.
When it was the last time you heard someone talk about failure, after failure, after failed after failed after failed after failed ...
Of course in a party listening to the mistakes of other doctors, but they don't listen to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transistor in my hospital gave the wrong leg, believe it would have difficulty looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of the mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep, the ones who have a property point and the ones who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take care of medicine to people who make mistakes, they will remain a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about diffusion and medical journalists, I've done a personal study of bad medical prisoners and medical mistakes.
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 drugs in the hospital are wrong, or desperation is not right. In a system where inequality infections are increasingly and more numerous -- they provide chaos and death.
In this country, they died 24,000 Canadian cancers for medical mistakes.
The U.S. Institute is established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about balance substances, because we're not wasting the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get stuck.
The privacy of sleep invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect story of a pain with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest. It comes frozen with eye layers and with random sugar and all of a sudden, my story has been a desk.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars, they don't take their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all of the professional professionals to error, well, there's no one left.
And what about people don't want to talk about their broader cases.
In my program, "Look white art -- it's a habit saying, "This is my worst mistake. I would say to everybody, from the paradigms to the heart of heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake, blah, blah, blah, "What are your mistakes? And it will run the microphone to them.
And their students will stop, return, drink your head and get out of the head and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
I want to be able to say, "Look, you don't get the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a refugee medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine physician is human, you know, a human, they accept it, and it doesn't get away from your mistakes, but it is effort to learn about what happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
He pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a love and a support way for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes of time in it.
My name is Brian Gold.
I'm a refugee doctor.
I am human, you make mistakes.
And I feel a lot but I strive for learning something that can transmit others.
I don't know what to think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ...
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to choose an average American -- it's about 70 to the day.
Not long ago, in a research followed for a week to a group of companies.
Researchers recorded the different tasks that are determined by these executives and the time they employ in making decisions related to those tasks.
They found that in average, I would have been 130 jobs per week.
Naturally, each work includes many ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only about 12 percent required a hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to nine minutes, and how many of the hour of a hour."
How does those decisions.
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems in today's now, choose to be picked up with options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, you raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
In another way, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please give you a package.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the option of option?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford, fragmented this very high level of level -- at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It's called Darwin.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different classes of mustard and video, over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of the water embodies -- and this was when we take water from the flu.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I asked myself, why never buy anything?
This is the origin of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in a sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and I said, "Do you have this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed me up the buses full of tourists that came up every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the degrees. This is the one.
Half a hall.
They had 14 different classes.
We install a post to decode, just to the entrance of the store.
We put up there bottom of six savings, or 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First of all, what case people were willing to stop the death of the death?
More people were stopped when there were 24, 60 percent that when there was only six percent of that when there was only six percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a memory board.
Here we find the opposite effect.
The ones that were stopped when there were 24, only three came to buy memory.
The ones who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought the death.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy memory if they found six that if they found 24.
Well, decide that we don't buy behavioral behavior probably becomes a good thing to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of overfishing choices affects us in good decisions.
We decided to not decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the issue of the day, financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Lord Hannel, Emily Karan and Web Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, in between about 600 plans of this country.
We are interested in seeing if the number of operations available in savings plans to report, the program 400,000 people would give people to save for the future.
And we found that there was really a correlation there.
We had 65 plans that went from two to 50 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of operator found, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes -- we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was about 70 percent or more, not as high as you will.
And in the plans that they offered about 60 funds, the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options, the more people were ready to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were willing to invest in terms of market financial account.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we need to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they can make the decision, which is going to apply it even when this goes against the self-interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance, and in health.
They are more likely to pick up things less satisfying -- even though they get better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that giant variety of massive, mustard and film and demo, but we are not able to make the calculations to compare it, contrast and choose from that amazing explosion.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've been expensive, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can try in their business.
The first is, Current.
You have heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Let's go out to "me?
They care about losing space in the analogy.
But actually what we're seeing is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange reporter options, there will be an increase in the windows -- you get the costs -- there will be a better experience in choice.
When Richard & Gamble went from 26 different types of Hebbit & Saturday to 15, they saw an increase of 10 percent in sales.
When the Columbia Colombia Color eliminated the products for cats of cats that are less sold -- they increase the users in 98, by two cars, greater sales and lower costs.
You know that the supermarkets of today, in average offer 45,000 products.
In a store of Walmart. About 100,000 products.
But the largest store in today's world is Alexander and offers only 1,500 products, a kind of tomato tomato sauce on the tin.
In the financial savings world, I think one of the best examples that have come out of how to handle better the choices is the David Laba, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically unexpected to a security fund of life.
They really want to choose -- they give them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that people say, "I don't know how to cut down.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, "Let the differences between those choices.
And if your employees can't difference, you won't be able to make their customers do?
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a few vacation with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to take a bet if you're ready to take the Gorgla office.
All right. Well, anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
Isn't it?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think it's actually going to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, which in the second one, but I can go up and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choices of options, which is Congress.
So that people understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that consequences must feel very vividly very concerned.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average, when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use efficiency?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out that making it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Joseph Ben and Alexander Princeton, about Indian DNA staff who worked in English, these people were in a meeting where they were attached to a 40 plan.
To that meeting, that we built exactly how we used it, we made a little breath.
What we added was that we approached the staff that they thought of the positive things that happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the 200 percent anticipations and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts from 45.
The third technique is Classion.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Superman Verses throughout the room of the northwest, the exhibition of magazines can contain from 32 different types to 656.
But you know?
Because the clarity indicates me how to do it.
These are two excuses of jewelry.
One is called "The "Star and the other.
If you think the one on the left is Singapore, and the one on the right is Japan, you get a palm.
(Audience ends) Well, there are some of them.
If you think the one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is South, you get a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's correct.
The one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is Synthetic. But you know something?
This rating scheme is completely useless.
Cars must indicate something that I choose to, not that they define them.
You often see this problem with those huge fund lists.
What are you supposed to be informed.
My fourth category, Chanding complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase the complexity gradually gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, the buy of a car.
This is a German manifestation of cars that allow me to be completely personalized.
You have to take 60 decisions, to make the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
Colors, outside color of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Mother, change box, four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order in which the decisions.
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, a few boxes, four boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to see?
How often you are.
If you have a sense of the bottom button in every decision, this indicates that you're open, or it is, we're losing them.
We found that the ones that are going from many choices at a few times, opening the button for defense over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, they keep there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to disrupt the order in which information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to choose it.
Even though the change box is not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We have a product that we're building that now has more exponential with the process.
So to sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the option of choice, cut, eliminate strange alternatives -- connected, making it real. Clearly, we can handle more categories with less choices, convinced complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented to you about were designed to help the alternative, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful to choose it.
And the more careful we are in our choices we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '70s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter machine to write to the government.
I had to register a piece of text of example written with the machine.
And so the government could trace the origin of the text.
If you found a writing with the wrong message could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't know that someone could do this, how much it would limit the freedom of expression.
We never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a color printer of any big manufacturer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a yellow yellow dot on every page that makes a pattern of one and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And no one seems to be abused a lot about this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If you see what's happening in the online world, we can hold the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the cyberspaces.
Like Mr. Dividend Guinea in the city of King, in Ukraine.
The mobile cellphones is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyber to make a lot of money, you get a lot of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, multiplier that they earn money with their attacks.
This is Valley Usaamit, from Mars, Stanford.
This is Alfred George.
This is Stephen Wall.
This is Bill Suna.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tori Alaz etc., etc., etc.
These guys are doing their online forms, but they do it by illegal media through banking trains to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this gentleman Sam Jane, and this one has 14,000 million dollars when it was frozen up.
Mr. Jane Jane stands down, his stop.
And I say today is more likely than any of us is a victim of a cycle that from a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad in worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There is another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate them to motivate the opinions, they motivate the laughter.
groups like Anonymous have disappeared over the last 12 months, they occupied a broken role in the line.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that make it for money, the humanitarian people like Anonymous who do it for protest and the last group are the national states that they attack.
And then we see cases like Dennett Department.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Democratic is a controlled authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
He declared the street the last fall, because of a sandwich.
They were self-organizing the security of the site and perpetuated a synagogue.
So last week I asked myself, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Denmark.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of the attack of these?
Democratic is a certified authority.
They sell certifies.
What are the certified service?
Well, you need if you have a website with autonomous, encrypted services Syria, services like Guardian.
Except that it interacts an extracting certain authoritarian.
And they emit closely closely closely.
And in the case of Dinnant happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, Edinburgh in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, the protesters would take the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those paper was this folder called "Live "Live "Live "Live "Live "Live "Live "Live "Live "Live "Liveria?
And within that folder there were notes of a service company in Germany, which had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the country's citizens.
They had sold this tool by 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company is right here.
So Western governments provide tools to government governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago was found the Saturday Train, a train used by the official government officer to investigate their own citizens.
If you are a suspect in a criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They used to even tools like the Scratch train to infect our computer with a test to allow you to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this the obvious answer should be, "Well, it seems bad -- but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why do you worry?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in the game.
The privacy doesn't happen.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
So if we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we trust today, will be forever.
Would we trust the competition in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live, I live in Kenya, in the south part of National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no fences in the most of the South, which means wild animals like charts migrate out of the park.
And predators, like lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
You kill our livestock for us.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead I felt very bad because it was the only tunnel we had.
My community, the masses -- we think we came from heaven with our animals and all the land to start it, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hated the lions.
March are wars that protect our community and livestock and are also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there is so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, from six at nine years old, is responsible for his father's livestock and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this doesn't serve because they even helped the lions to see the stomach of far.
I didn't get over. I went on.
One second idea was to use a spirit.
He was trying to deceive the lions so they thought it was near the stable.
But the lions are very clever.  They came the first day and saw the spirit, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killing animals.
So one night I was walking around the stomach with an antidote, and that day lions didn't come.
I found that lions have fear to the light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with the one that they would turn and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
It works everything.
As you can see, the solar panel picks up the battery and the battery releases the electricity to the small individual box -- I call it a transformation.
And the indication box makes the light destination.
As you can see, the books go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come from night.
The light lights and they send the lions so they think I'm walking through the stomach, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we would never have trouble with lions.
And the house houses have heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
You can see the foundation, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've been installed by seven houses in my community and they're saving a lot.
And my idea is also used by Kenya, to scare other predators like hyperals, legislation, and also being used to expand elephants from the farms.
Thanks to this invention -- I was fortunate to get a scholarship on one of the best schools in Kenya, British International International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funding and consciousness.
I even led my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the properties of my father's passengers, and I used to see planes fly, and I was told that one day would be within one.
And here I'm here today.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get to be engineer of aviation and pilot when they grow.
I used to hate the lions -- but now as my invention is saving my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
And so on. What my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting you can hear a story like you.
So you get a drink -- Richard Turing -- yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
KS: My next invention is, I want to make a close class. CA: A close electric."
KS: I know you already invented the electric fences -- but I want to do mine.
CA: You know, you know, one time, right? And you -- RG: I've tried it before, but I got a call --  CA: A Cash foot -- Richard Turkey, you're something big.
We're going to add it in every step that I go, friend me.
Thank you very much.
When I was a small one. I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Scott nothing."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Hillis, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea is the enemies.
Although sometimes I was wondering about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all of my life in North Korea, until it all changed suddenly up.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mother brought home a letter of my sister.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop being in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're wired together in the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We are prepared to die.
I was very attractive.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At a while, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A living woman was dead on the street, holding a child sculpturally in his arms watching the face of his mother without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge famine, they brought North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, more than a million Norwegians died during the famine and just few surviving eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts -- all around me was completely dark at night except by sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always asked me why they had light, and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries.
This is the Audience River, which is the limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very anticipated in certain points, allowing Joshua to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how North Korea came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of the famine I was sent China to live with distant parasites.
But I just thought I would be separate from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like normal refugees.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely hard, but also dangerous, because the Northern refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had been accused for me to be normal, then I was looking at my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it might be standard and defense.
I thought my life was going to finish up.
But I managed to control my emotions and answering the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an official told another, "This was a false report. She's not Norway."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some narratives in China are looking for asylum.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese Police and depression.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they had caught them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These narratives didn't have so lucky.
Every year, countless nodes are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured or shown or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape -- many other nodes haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that narratives have to hide their identity and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can be used in a second.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity -- I've decided to risk back to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected to.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We are all Korean -- but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 60 years of divide.
It even takes a crisis of identity.
Am I surprised or nose?
Where am I? Who is I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call me a proud of mine.
Though adopted life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the University of income to college.
Just when I started adapting my new life, I received a call called algae.
North Korea authorities interpret some money that I sent to my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be delivered to force to a legal location on the outside.
They had to move away.
I began to plan how to help us escape.
Northers have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and leaves me to the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to keep them in some way, for over three thousand miles across China and then through the Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once once our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of all, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, imperative I stood up and told him that they were a wise people who was coming in.
I looked at me surprised, but fortunately I believe me.
We did all the way to the Louis frontier.
But I had to spend almost all of my money to bribe the border guards in Lander.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and convicted by crossing the underlying frontier.
After paying multiple and brothers, my family was liberated in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in Lander capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close to my family -- but my family was resided in prison prison distance from the South Korean embassy from South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more sound or multination.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger is to ask him question.
With my poor English and a dictionary -- I explained to him the situation, and without doubt, the man was to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Northern Northern Northern Northwest.
I thank him with all my heart, and I said, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the people normal people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown species symbolizes a new hope for me and for the normal people when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community is really the hope rays that the normal people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I meet ourselves in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
Many narratives are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that are helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I have received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help normal a chance to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Norman supply around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is central Senarch, seals of license, rapid food, German food.
So the city planners. And they thought, let's change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles South, as if this will fix what's really wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  They tend to link -- fast food, fast food, blood land.
Just like 26, millions of other Americans live in a food desert, the Arabic Center South, home from the food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to take more people than food in the car.
People are dying from cure diseases in Los Angeles Central Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times bigger than say, say, Beverly Hillis, which is like 15 miles away.
I'm glad to see that this happens.
And I wondered, how did they feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your desert?
I see wheelchair of wheels bought and sold as a car use.
I see the centers of the London disappeared centers like Structure.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem and it's the solution.
I also got to handle 45 minutes of anger and come back to buy a apple that doesn't have pesticides that have pesticides.
What I did, it was planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a land farm that we call a garden.
It's 45 meters x three feet.
The point is, it belongs to town.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm going to be in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it to you."
This was how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L. Green Green, we put together and we began to plant our food forest -- fruit trees -- you know, nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a group that was paid by the cards of all the properties, all of the city and completely volunteer, and all we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone is open.
The city came up to me on top of me, and they gave me a little girl, saying that I had to reduce my garden.
And I was like, "Come on, really really?
A judicial order to plant food in a piece of land that no one matter?  So I was like, "Well, let's get it."
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L. Times had the story written by Steve Louise, and I spoke to the context, and one of the members of Green Greeks, who put a petition in Christine, with 900 fears, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My context even called to say that they would rescue and prevent what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more blood land.
It has 60 miles of ball land.
That's 20 Central Central Center.
That's enough space to plant 420 million tomato plants.
Why don't you look good at this?
They will grow a plant to give a few thousand seeds.
When a dollar is going to give them 75 dollars of output.
It's my hypothesis, when I tell people, culture your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manipulated for me, and I'm going to manipulate my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graph, I grew my art.
As a graphic artist, that embraces walls, I embrace soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my expertise of that canvas.
It's surprised to see what land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You can just imagine how amazing a strand is and how to affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
It's surprised to see how to affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic act that you can do, especially in a computer.
Also, you get fragmented.
I remember an occasion, which came a mother and his daughter, they were like 1960s, at night and they were in my garden.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for one reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger -- and this just requires why I do this, people ask me, "Hey, don't fear that people are going to steal your food?
I say, "Oh God no, I have no fear that you're going to fly?
That's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to read your health.
There was another one that I put a garden in a shelter to destroy them at the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, which helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was sharing his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Brothers has come to plant maybe 20 gardens on it.
We've had -- like 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in volunteer plan.
If kids grow up, kids will eat collapse.
If you grow tons, you eat tons.  But if none of this is taught if you're not taught how food affects your mind and the body, they eat blind what they put in front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're stuck. I see color kids that are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them nowhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are commissioned from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Germany is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take content and become healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free thing is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people working to people, getting kids on the street, which know the joy, the pride and the honor of raising their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become a repeated reverse, personality, legal gardens, legal revenues.
We have to change the script of what's a plate.
If you're not a garden, you're not a plate.
That the legal parasites take their steel right?
That is their choice weapon.
In supermarket, if you want to meet me, you know, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some metric -- to talk about doing some death.
If you want to see, they will come to the garden with your bread so that we can plant something.
Peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
You probably all agree with me in which this is a very nice road.
It's made of surprise, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, in which it takes a lot.
You can have a big amount of water in the asphalt that underlies it.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Furthermore, the asphalt can do a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to the cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make surface surface roads.
The portrait supply, a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has periods and water can go through it, so all of the water of rain flows down the sides and will have a road for which is easy to drive, and not water ever anymore.
Noise also disappears in these pores as well.
Because it's very hollow -- the whole noise disappears, so it's a very silent road.
It also has destination, of course, and the disadvantage of this road is you can get rid of it.
What is it deceptive." You see that in this road, the stones of the surface will come out.
First one said, then many more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But they can give it their shots, and they're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Ah, it's ready.
Back, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how damage is on this material.
It's a porous, like I said, so it only has a little amount of artery between the stones.
Because of the intrinsic to the ultraviolet light, the open, this airplane, this beauty, the glue between the rivers, they fire, and if it is starting, they're going to be microscope and separated from the advances.
So if you drive through the road, you would take the airplanes -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about support materials.
If we can make this material, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel single, from that to clean salary, and we can cut the steel box in very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the behavior.
So we have little birds with small chunks of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an injection machine.
Interesting can heat up, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is to heat the steel -- the weight goes down, the kiss flow through these microscopes and the stones are going back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great injection machine here on the stage.
The microwave realm is a similar system.
I put the sample, which now I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the shows.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try to try it.
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters from the ABC highway, where we had to do a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on the road, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any harm. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples of this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of payload in them, we repair them then with our indication machine and we repair them and we get them back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we have made a material using steel fibers -- including these fibers -- using the energy of influence to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface, and you can save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
You actually have to focus first before I can show you how to act the repair of it.
But I'm going to do an attempt to do.
Let's see it. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound sound in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radius.
He had a big smile on his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally depressed.
"The Taliban was standing out of my father.
I didn't know what it means, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning they never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban would take care of Afghanistan and they did illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I looked at me as a child to sculpt my older sister, which I couldn't be alone outside to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that no one could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in the market so that it seemed like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us stuck in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely calories in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in the while, school is closed for a week, because the Taliban will support.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Would they be there?
Did you know where we live?
We were attractive, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was approached and daughters a terror.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total income of a remote province of Afghanistan, I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father was repeated it.
But my mother educated became a teacher.
This is it.
It takes two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters -- despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a bigger risk not to educate his children.
Over the years of Taliban. I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to reveal, but my father said, "Oh, my father me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So do you still want not to go?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the school, and if my family had not been so committed with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud of recording in Microsoft College.
When I returned to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was exploded from his home for the ability to educate his daughters, was one of the first ones in hyperbolic.
He wasn't only taken from my college degree, but I also were the first woman, and I'm the first woman who takes him on the streets of Kabul.
My family thinks in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 100,000 a global campaign to educate women.
It's what I cofounded SARS, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risky for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like the mine, arm for them, despite and still in front of a delivered opposition opposition.
Like America. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but it's the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were out of the way from SOPA to his village, and literally they were escape from being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice I would warn you that if he kept sending her daughter to school, you'd try to try it.
"Look, if you will, he said, "But I won't give the future of my daughter for his old daughter and report ideas.
What I've been aware of is Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those who we know, there's a father who recognizes the value of his daughter and you see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key to our success.
In fact, they often are the first compelling intensity of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban -- the girls who went to school in the school they realized in hundreds, remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes didn't last a lot, after the U.S. troops of the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that animals, I see a fundamental future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and privileged possibilities -- and every day from SOPA reminds me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the exam, "Mary resistance Galami. fought against it.
But you never get a revolutionary style Galama.
They have spent about two years since the language revolution inspired by the supply of mass mobility so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with many other logistical citizens inside and out of the country to call a day of strength and started a revolution against the Galapago Rangerand.
And we did it, it was a big revolution.
Women and men who were young men were in the card, they demanded the fall of the regime, and they went through freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown a value that was going to be able to face the brutal designer of Galami.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to liberate our country and defeat the turtle.
However, Gates left a card card, a legacy of tyranny and corruption and seasonal seeds.
For four decades, the Australian regime of Gates destroyed the infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of the divided society.
aware of devastation and challenges -- I've loved -- along to many other women, rebuild the clean civil society, put an inclusive transition and right toward democracy and national recognition.
It was established about 200 organizations in Benjamin during the end, and immediately after the Galaxy of Galamiel. About 300 in traffic.
After a 30-year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm began to organize workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Women's Platosphere Platoster by peace, a movement of women, leaders, from very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of the woman and for our rights of equal participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the pre-industrial period, an environment that was getting more pollution, which is a model of the selfish policy and exception.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17,000 of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years.
However, a little bit of a little bit, the exhilaration of choice and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of the print of the old mosques and the Sufi tools.
Another day announced with the news of the American ambassador of American ambassador and the attack of the control.
Another day we wake up with the news of the military officers of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the military government and their counterparts of human rights of the prisoners and their lack of respect.
Our society, form by a revolutionary mentality is more polarizing more, and has been removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
Interestingly, exception and slipping became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our story of the success of the critical "click and the election.
Now, I'm here today to trust that we, as a nation, we choose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We don't preserve well.
Because elections don't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
And the critical list and the attack between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recognition."
No, they didn't do.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polluted and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exception, both by men like women.
Maybe what was missing was not only women, but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion and inclusive values.
Our society needs national dialogue and creating it more than what the choices needed to do, which just reinforce the polarization and the division of it.
Our nation needs the quantum representation of the female that we need to need the normal and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an Indian angle and call days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and microscope.
We have to develop a female speech, which doesn't just honor but also put the mystery in practice the mystery instead of the combat, the collaboration instead of the competition, the inclusion rather than exception.
These are the ideals that a Libya, distributed by the war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has a algae that tries to be the integration and the authority between female and male perspective.
That's the real credible.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social form.
According to a version of the Koran "Star "Star, "I'm the word of the military God -- "The Monterey God."
At the time, the word "review," which is known in all of the agricultural traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "remaining -- symmetrical the female and material, that will prevent all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all of the peoples have empowered.
And so, just like the terror covers completely the embryo -- which grows inside the divine matrix of the number of the whole existence.
So you say, "My mystery is going to open all things.
So it says, "My mysterious mistake on my come."
It was all told the frequency of the mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an amazing question, which has an equally intriguing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to talk about is what all of them do always -- why does she go?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who would say?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story I will tell you.
I was 22 years old. I had just been left at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the Medical magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green card train, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man -- that I created my twin soul, and I was holding me on his head with a pill, load with a capita table.
The man, which I loved more than anybody in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you about the story of "The love." A psychological trap. Saturate train, where it falls every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't seem like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University and I have a MBA in Maria Business School Seams.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of the list of the "play 500 -- between the Johnson & Johnson -- Leo Burround and The Washington Post.
I got almost 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black book and drove a Minister Origan.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the reasons, all of the religion, all of the levels of renewables and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the males are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent and long duration or said in the other way, in the families, the last place where we want or want to find violence, reason why the domestic abuse is so disconnected.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to stay with a man who started him, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women in between 16 and 24 years old, they have three times more likely of being victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, names and Aboriginal husbands in the United States.
I also was a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his advantage signs or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and nights of January.
I was sitting on my side in New York City and started fluiding with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he was also from a university of the Editor Lister and I worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed like a field of the field.
He had a little bit big modules like apples and a tribal hair -- and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that I did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He made it about the beginning of the beginning in a personal.
We started coming out and I loved all of me, which was ready that I had gone to Harvard -- that I was going to be going to Harvard -- that I was passionate about helping teenage girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
And I believe in me, as a writer, and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And it was why the license in that high school and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is separate and depending on the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is airline.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner so I accepted my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan together.
I had no idea that I was running in a light love, which was coming from head on a physical plot, financial and psychological train.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacted it.
And here is where they enter those pills.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where I was supposed to have to feel so safe was bought three pills.
I had one of the guide in the car.
Another one of the street underneath the pillow in our bed, and the third always in its pocket.
And he said that I needed those pills because of the trauma that lived out of a small one.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those stuff actually were a message for me, and, even though I had never raised my hand, my life was in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the beginning.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother suit of my mother and married me with him.
Even though I had happened, I was sure that we would live happy forever, because I loved her, and he also wanted to be very much.
And I was very, very married.
It just had felt very aggregate by the wedding.
I had been an isolated accident, and I never would make me harm.
I spent twice more on our honey moon.
The first time I was driving to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I stole several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, it was flying through the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
And I kept burning one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is victims of domestic violence or access at some point in their life, and the control of control control reported that every year 15 million children are manipulated, 15 million.
So actually, I was very good company.
I'll go back to my question: Why do I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, love with a deeply surrounded man -- and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo to face their devils to face.
The other question that everybody does is, why does it simply don't do?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims -- we know something that you normally ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a manipulate.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is killing it.
Over 70 percent of the killers in the cases of domestic violence happens after the victim has gone to the relationship, after the back of the relationship, because then the farmer has nothing to lose.
Other representations include the permanent air, even after the farmer has gone back to growing, defending financial resources, and manipulation from the family system of family to tie the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend no super-sort time with the man who lost their mother.
And yet we keep wondering why it simply isn't there?
I was able to go, because I was able to go, because of a last happy sector that sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed me if he had allowed me.
So I broke the silence.
I told all of the world, the police, to my neighbors, my friends and family -- to complete unknown, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tendency to set out to the victims as strangers as spirituals, humanitarian women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it that?
For some people is a way to say, "The blame is it for you -- as if the victims are extracting intense love of men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "The love." I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also sculpturally, that they learned an unexpected lesson of what happened to them and to reimagine their lives and happy lives as employees, wife and mothers, lives completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a survey of very typical domestic violence.
And I was going to marry with a land and a kind, and we have those three children.
I have that black box and also that minister.
What I'm not going to do is never have any more, and it's a cost that will be pointing to my head in someone who says it wants me.
At this point, you are just thinking, "Wow, that's fascinating -- or "Why, what stupid students -- but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being manipulated or that they were a little bit of small or they're abused themselves.
The male could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love of particular love to break the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims need everyone.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
You put the guy up to light talking about it with his children, their job peers, their friends and family.
They rethink their vision of survivors as fantastic and loved people, which have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to stop their scale and show the victims a safe path.
Together, we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful pathways that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call me Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this moment there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't have seen like this.  luckily, I've brought clothes to change it.
This is the first trailer change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to prove it, I think.
If some of the women are horrified when they go, they don't have to leave them now, but they found it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These manufactures are very unconventious, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to spend this sweater on the head, because it's when you go to laugh from me, so they don't do anything as I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been pregnant.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
Application is powerful, but also surface.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I was argued the back and he would take the hair of the child.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial biography like the one that made me two days for the work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect -- which, although surface and innocent, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being courageous means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sense of a way.
The first question is, how does it be model?
And I always say, a cartoon was discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heroite, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we haven't only defined beauty as health and youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admit, we have also associated with a high and expert figure, to the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heroic, heroin I've been able to harness for money.
And I know there are people in the audience that are now shown stayed, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say, wait. There are Nazy, Tim, Joan Simone, LED Web.
First of all, the congratulate for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York City told each and every one of the models on the passion, and from the Julies controlled models, only 27 -- that is, less than four percent, were not white.
The next question that people always do is, could it be model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't get rid of that.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is: why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a thin heart surgeon, which would be impressive, because it would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist -- no, no, Cameroon, I want to be a model -- then I tell you, I know my boss -- I know my boss -- I do.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of reduction of the American magazine or the executive director of HIV or the next Steven Metaphor.
To say that more of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're bigger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiovascular surgery, you can summarize it right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've reached your studies, and you have a competition, and you have a competition, you don't matter what you say, you know, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your cartoon, you say, "Mother money for 10 years, people will look at you.
The next question that people are always doing is if all of the photos.
And yes, virtually all the photos, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a biologist, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I read alongside my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two photos are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a party party a few days before the photos for the French Volt.
Here I am with my football team and the Vietnam magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
These are creations of a group of professionals, peripheral, manipulates, photographers and statistics, and all their aid aid and prison people and posture, and they can create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people are always doing is, you know, free things ...
I have too many 20 inches and I never use, except the previous pair -- but the privilege that I get in the real life, and the ones that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a shop and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a driver poll, he jumped a red self-driven, and of course, they stop, and I spend a bit of a sorry, agent so that I can keep going.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I lived in New York City, and last year, of the 140 teenagers who were stopped and recorded -- 86 percent were black and later, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 175,000 young black men in New York City, so for them, it's not a question of me?
How many times I would stop me? And how?
When I was researching for this talk, I learned that 50 percent of 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that figure fell to 72 percent at 17.
So the last question that people do is, how is the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you hope is if you're a little bit more thin and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, innovative and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my look every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with a few more thin legs and the brightest hair will be happier.
You just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs -- the most brilliant and the most brilliant hair, but probably it's the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to look at a kind of racial and gender operation when I am one of the biggest benefits.
So if there is something that will get out of this talk, I hope that everyone gets more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image of the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was much older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious photos -- and I didn't have to do it.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them would take them into random tunes.
My story begins when I found in New York City to give a potential, my wife gave me this picture by holding my daughter on his day of his first birthday. That's the 57 and five percent.
I gave the accident that we went back to New York City a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to Sanda to New York in a paradigm journey, and keep the ritual of?
This is when we started asking the tourists that they would take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
Never no one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has been with the camera.
And yet, we weren't aware of how much life will change us this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representative of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way of stopping time in a week of October and making us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interaction with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking down, when suddenly he stood up in dry and signal a red play of the wrist store that I would take a little bit of a little in the previous visits before.
And I was describing what had felt like five years of foot in that same place.
He said he remembered his heart passed with force by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York is universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is the memories.
So I want to share the idea of being active in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 photos, I don't go in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who took the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and I don't go to someone else and ask them a picture -- it took us a picture?
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The flu are in the most threatened group.
First of all, why do they have so bad program?
It also has been associated with Desalius laughter, like mental characters, silly characters, stupid.
More recently, if you have been following the Kenyan press, you go up and appliance these are the attributes that associate with Kenyan Parliament. But it doesn't accept it.
Don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment.  The Parks will not help prevent the disease of disease.
They are really much money.   They're far away from extinct.  And my favorite, the flies have better presence.   There are two types of sketches on this planet.
There are the New World Museums that are mostly found in the Americas, like the colors and the cards and the America of the Old World -- where we have 16 species. From these 16, 11 facing a high risk of extinction.
So why are the divers important? First of all, provide vital ecological services, Charles.
These are our natural garbage generators.
It cleans the copies to the bone.
They help kill all of the bacteria, help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them to expand and cause big losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no fluctuation, the carcasses take three to four times longer in destination, and this has huge branching on the disease of disease.
The flu also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Nepal was the symbol of the protection and the math, and together with the copper -- synchronizing the unit between the High and the Bost Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, Japanese was the drinking god, and he risked his life to save the depression of the 10 head of the 1932 head.
In the shark culture, they are done very important to open up in open skies -- in places like the Twitter, there is no place to bury death, or wood to create them, so these sketches provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with the flu."
We have eight species of flu in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being embraced, and the reason that they're being embracing is because there are conflicts between humans and failure. The seasonal communities use this venom against predators, and as a result, the flies are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan -- four species of flu are in the critical danger of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, and the reason is because I get pressure of livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like Disney.
This drug has been banned to use veterinary in India and have taken a posture.
Because there are no fluctuations, there has been a paradigm in the number of street dogs in the cameras of caves, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge bomb bomb for race. The number of race cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 35 to the sea will be above the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them for half.
They're birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible commercial trade of deaths to serve the gravity and the oil market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting them transportation.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focus on a crazy problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the fluctuation, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help help? It can become active -- you can make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very inconvenient creatures -- Donald their time to spread the word, diagnose the word.
When they come out of this room, they will report about the flu, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the flu.
They are very elegant -- Charles Darwin said that it changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the skies in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing that I do and everything I do a current -- my life has been molded for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1960 to 1977, young Europe, but I'm not --  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, Costa of Martin, Algeria, Charles and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set up in a failed Africa.
And I was starting.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
And instead of that, all we have to do is fix it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "The Babies of the Zambogs, was a project where a few Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we got the seeds of Italian seeds south of Zambia.
Of course, people were absolutely interested in doing that -- so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't get in to work, and we were astonished that the local locals, in so fertile valley, had not had agriculture.
However, instead of asking us how it was possible that we didn't grow anything, we simply said, "Thank God that we're here --  "The time in time to save people from the hamburger people."
And of course, everything in Africa is collapsed beautiful.
We got these wonderful tons. In Italy, a tomato grows on this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the shades, "Look what easy is agricultural?
When the tomatoes were beautiful, manipulate and red, overnight.
And the shadows said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have agriculture here --  "Why don't you say? "You never ask it."
And I thought we were only the Italians in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, felt pretty proud about our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed hyperbolishs.
They should see the disconnected.  They should see the waste that we give them to the people in Africa.
You want to read a book, I read "The Death of David Montana, which is shame economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, our Western countries, we've trained the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has created.
Just read his book.
I launched part of an African woman, the damage that we've done.
Westerners are importantly, collaborative missions and treat people only two ways, or patterns or we are patents.
The two words come from the Latin root "that that means "Letty?
However, it means two different things.
Paths, I treat any one of a different culture as if they were my children, "I want to be a lot of my guys."
Park, I treated all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white white is called "Liveria, head."
That book gave me a slippery on the face, "The little bit of a beautiful is beautiful, written by Scottish who said for all economic development, if people don't want to be helped -- you don't have to be approached.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is breathing.
This morning, the gentleman that opened this conference put a bar on the floor and said, we can imagine a city that isn't a neurons?
I decided to do at the age of 27, they just respond to people, and I invented a system called a Facebook company where you never started anything, you would never motivate anyone, but it becomes a local passion, the supermarket of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's street.
He never gets to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the laptop.
We don't work from the offices.
We meet in a cafe. We meet in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give one idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because no one in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea. Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not for once -- for once -- but not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never scare -- and they will never tell him, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity have identified it.
So the planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't have their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family physician doctor, the business family doctor, which is established with you at home, on the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and that helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making their life.
I started this as a test in hope, city of Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this burning junk where we get to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to see me to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "Well, something very, very hard.
I get married and listen --   So the government says, "Maha next?  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start to start 40,000 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying.
Peter Drugs, one of the most great business assumptions in history, passed at 77, a few years ago.
Peter Dr. Prostine was a philosophy professor before I was involved in business, and this is what Peter Drugs says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
The planning is the kiss of the business spirit.
So now you have recorded Christians without knowing what the most stupid people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people together to talk with you.
You have to offer you privileged constant, it has to be fantastic to help you, and then they will say, will come in mass to come.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What do you show you have applied more this morning.
Particular local people. That's what you have applied.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution, unintended fossil food, manipulated fossil fossil -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The face as a way of sustaining machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we die, we cut, we expand, we get to seven billion people in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- universes? Obvious.
The government -- Obama.
It's going to be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a lovely story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1960.
And in the year 1950, this group of people came together -- and especially about what happens to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was all about -- New York City doesn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve, and they look at it, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring up the population of New York to the apartments, would require six million horses -- and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already becoming estimated.  So in 1800, they were documenting this dirty technology that obsessed the life of New York.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States came up with 900 automatic manufacturing companies, 1906.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very little, scared, factories in parking places.
They stop, Michigan Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them constantly offered.
Otherwise, they won't come to talk with you.
Then you have to offer them an absolute anticipate, dedicated service service.
And then, after all, you will have to tell you the truth with about it.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three wonderful things, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic. You have to count with a fantastic burden, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a human being in the world that can do, selling and looking for money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We've invested and looked at the 100 Congo companies of the Carnegie world, Berlin, Edinburgh, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Dan.
There is only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common, only one -- no one was started by one person.
No word "The "Example, but the word "the 32?
He wasn't only when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facilities, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in cards, in bars together to their shrimp departments who are going to do for you, what somebody else did for this guitar who talks about this employment, someone who will ask you, what does you need?
What can you? Can you do it?
Well, can you see it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that -- "Do you want me to look anything?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't get a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces.
Over the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like autonomous, sentence and chalk.
These projects come out of questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their applications?
How can we push and ask more things without calling the door at a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect with our needs and dreams."
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds all of the giant trees that give shadow to lovers and drunk and syndrome for centuries and trust in a city.
There is a desk in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the greatest amount of advanced property properties.
I live near this house and thought about how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was sure and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this makes me a deep gratitude for living time.
He gave birth to the significant things about my life today.
But I was able to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch for day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant blackboard and I painted on her phrases to come in, "I will be able to die on?
So the transportations could take a shot, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect about this experiment, but the next day the wall was represented and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before of dying I want to be saved by pity?  "Before of dying I want to sit in the line of damage change?
"Before of dying I want to sing for millions of people."
"I want to play a tree.
"I want to live outside the network.
"I want to take you one more time.
"I want to go to the rescue of someone ...
"I have to die to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh to cards, I was deliberately deliberately, and they gave me a lot of hard moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and slavery -- it's about giving care to reflection and consultation, and remember what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit and now have been made in countries around the world, like Katrina, South Africa, Argentina and beyond.
Together we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express them and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of distribution -- it's more important than ever, to find ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief and delight.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understand that we prepare for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people that surrounds us not only can help us improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single request.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Red is 22 years old, it's high and very cool.
It doesn't speak -- but they transmit better than some of the best speakers are.
Red knows what love is.
I shared it inspirational happening what happens.
It's not appliance. I don't look at the skin of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences and look at this, it never has lied.
When I sing the songs of our childhood, trying to produce words that I couldn't even zoom around me, remember one thing: how much we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown.
Samando is 16 years old. It's very cool.
It has the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came out every single songs in my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I was doing my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gag.
Isn't it amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because your minds don't adjust to the concept of the normal of society, they're often ignored.
But what I pushed to my heart, and I signed my soul was that even if that was the case, although I didn't consider them inside the orbit, that could only mean one thing -- that were extraordinary, autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term "for the term, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual they are manipulated differently, from there that Romo is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed with a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of the development that quickly increases in the world, there is no cause of knowledge.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When I spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I got a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was living and reduced in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars on the row around the room, looking at the washing washing and eating anything that there was between the media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences were getting more excited.
But beyond the barriers, frustration and international hyperbolish, there was something really unique -- a pure nature and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without preparation, a human being that had never mentioned.
Excellent.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, when I wish they were just just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that didn't want to change for normal.
Now normal goes through the beauty that gives us the differences, and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Red and Sam and Sam, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- are a gift -- each of us has a gift on its inside and, honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for gravity, progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what it must have been Alexander in the Maria country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, which gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Actually, I was scared of these students with their big minds, their big books and their big books.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt when I fell through the ice hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like I had those conversations with students, I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are those that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the environment and care care, between others, and if we don't know we don't understand this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that their science is sexy and that its engineering is attractive.
First question to answer you, and then what?
Tell me why science is relevant for us.
They don't just tell us that they study transportation, but they study transportation, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat artists.
And when they're describing their science, caring with the jargon.
The beauty is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "do and the term, but why don't you say "The and time, which is much more accessible to us?
So let's make them access is not the same thing as you make them tone.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and stories and analogies -- they're ways to fit and engage with their content.
And by present their work, they forget from the signs of "Starbuck."
You have been wondering why they call "The Black --  What do you do the bathrooms?
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and opening us.
Instead, this picture of Benjamin Brown is much more effective, it shows that the special structure of transportation is so strong that they really inspired the unique design of the Earth Torbel.
The trick here is to use a simple piece of sentence -- that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that will exploit our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what it is described.
I think these are just some key ones that can help the others open the door and see the country of the wonders that is science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all of the media --  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the Oxford English dictionary is "sure?
Just because it sounds very well.
And "The "Star Meeting Meeting "Discovery?
Although there was an editor editor of the 19th century that I defined it much better when he said, "A supplements is the one that looks for a public charge without matter particular, plant or principle -- and that, when I win, you get it for the use of a vertical monumental monitor.
I have no idea what "The Medical "The Medical."
Something that will see with the words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to master language.
It was not, for example, 1712 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of Bruce Chris, who faced the Parliament to the Parliament.
They put him on the London Tower and he would start it, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London who won.
And just a few years later, we had the first killer use of the phrase "The Bolly like Metaponth?
Most people think it's literally.
It's not. It's for a freedom of expression.
But to actually show you how words and policy interact, I want you to go back to the United States, right after independence, right after independence.
So they had to tackle the question of how to call George Washington, their leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country.
This is called Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions that might be frustrated.
Some of you would want to call it "The State of State States, and others -- "I'm Alexander George Washington, and other "designer of the U.S.
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it "The "Extrouse."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with that were motivates, they had the idea that you could be elected king for a certain term.
And it might have been.
Everybody gets immensely stoned because this debate was called for three weeks.
And I read the newspaper of a poor sentence, and I always wrote, "I have this topic."
And what caused the portrait and the course was that the House of Republic was against the Senate of September.
The Report of Representatives didn't want Washington to be able to be power.
They didn't want to call it King for whether to give him to him or their ideas.
So they wanted to give it the most model, more insidious and more lamp that came up with them.
And that title was "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The way."
President. They didn't invent the title. There was already before, but it just meant that I press a meeting.
It was like the president of a light.
And I didn't have much more farmers than the term "restructure," or "The "Star "Star Herb."
There were preservative presidents of small collapse and government fractions, but it was really an inevitable title.
And so the Senate is opposing.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign digital."
"And who would be serious with a title as ridiculous and unconventious as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't cheap.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been involved in the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to follow there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you may be able to keep expecting 22 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. president doesn't sound so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to avoid, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of air vehicles and so on.
The reality and the story have gone to the title of farmer.
So at the end of the end, I won the Senate.
They got their restaurant title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the silence appearance -- well, it was a symphony then.
But do you know how many nations have now presentation?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the end, the Senate won and the Republican Camero lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and I would like to leave it.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually the reality is much more the words that what they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 feet below land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sub-Saharan bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that capital of male dose and stones were involved with primitive tools.
As each other, I take a cheap light linear of light in the head with this ancestry analysis, and I can barely distinguish the branches of branches that hold out the walls of that hole of a meter that drops hundreds of meters on land.
I woke up my hand, and suddenly I remember a mining that I met before, which lost the control and fell infinite meters in that poet.
As I talk to you today, these men are at the depths of that hole risk their lives without paying any reward, and often dying.
I came out of that hole and went home, but they would never do it, because they are presentation of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exception in the Peace Peace Pacific.
Among all the amazing people I met there, I met a intensity of "Marco the State, an NGO that was devoted to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not to such a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad -- honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this attraction of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know it?
He made me a standard of the stomach and, weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Sea of the Singapore and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
A few of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, you see the dirty tracks.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people who are released in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout all of the transportation slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent of a few dollars, 50,000 today.
However, you can actually enslave the entire families for generations by the U.S.
Amazingly, slavery generates more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been angry with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under the threat of violence and cannot escape.
Today, slavery operates in trade, goods produced by slavery has value, but who produce them are delighted.
The slavery exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick boats.
This strange and farmers show was like entering the old Egypt or the Department of Dan.
In a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, families who are wrapped into a heavy heavy of dust, they put mechanically laptop on their heads, to 18 at a time, and take them from the books facing the trucks that are hundreds of feet.
Described by monopoly and cartoon work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe depressing made it go out pretty intense.
As permanent as the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and he stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to replicate and, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the drug that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "You don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained to me that demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not only for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already gone.
I had to trust the Singapore and work within the system for his liberation and trust that they would get it.
As soon as I was going to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Himalayas -- I found kids running rocks for miles by minister to the moments that were expected to go down.
Those big plans were more heavy than the kids who were carrying them and children would join them to their heads with heat emails made of steps, ropes and hearts.
It's hard to present something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so unexpected, but so immediately."
Some you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been all their life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villagers are replaced their freedom, the slaves burn usually their homes.
When we hear the ultimate word, we often think about sexual traffic and because of this global awareness that would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina, I was commissioned by women who had been provided sexual slaves.
I was driven by some of the ancestors that were going to give this dirty basement of sensitive light.
It wasn't exactly a bullet.
It was rather a restaurant.
Show us in the office, they're local for the forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the slaves -- with their girls and children, some of just seven years old, are forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each point is dark and dirty, identified by a number painting on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
workers often suffer sexual abuse in their clients.
And I remember standing in the penguin, I remember a sentimental fresh fear and at that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be trapped in that hell.
I just had a supply, the stairs where I walked in.
There were no desk doors.
There were no big enough windows like this.
Those people don't have sculpture, and, because we play a very difficult subject, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual traffic.
There are hundreds of people who are released in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens by the way, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to the slave of slave labor.
I visit Indian villages in which there were the families that were released in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The hands of black are the father, the blue terms and the red, of their children.
They mix tables in these big walls and throw the silk into the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic to you.
My coach told me his stories.
"We have no freedom, they said.
"You know, you can go out of this house someday and go somewhere else where our job really paid us?
There are more than 4,000 children in Lake Look, the greatest artificial lake of the world.
When we arrived, I went into a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish of fishermen in a boat, two older brothers, some younger children, make sense right?
Wrong. They were all skeptical.
The kids are separated from their translated families, disappeared and forced to work extinct on these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up was stone, it was a subject that his little canoe was empathy.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling to water.
The branches of the trees in the Super Valley often trap networks and children, factors and fear and fear and feel like the water to break out the branches.
Many people are adding.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear to his love is not going to hurt and, like all life has been treated with growth, creative is about the youngest slaves.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they took the last networks, but they had been working from the one one.
On the cold night and the window.
And it has to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're packed from fish.
I want to introduce you to Koko.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter in which I did the Rio Redwood to the victims of slavery.
Kofi symmetrical possible.
Who are going to be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
They drive through a road in Ghana with the Saturday Southern System, a particular partner with their engine suddenly accelerating and surrounded our car and takes the window.
It asked us to do it on a dirt path to the forest.
At the end of the road, I was inspired to come out of the car, and I asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then he pointed this bottom to just visit and said, "This is the path, this is the path. Come on.
As we started to go down, we remove the enzymes that blocked the path and after walking around an hour we found that the path was accepted by the recent rain, so I put the photos of photos on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the next path ended up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with spirit workers.
Many women had kids strapped to their backs, and, while they were looking for gold -- walking in sensing waters with memory.
The department is used in the extract process.
These are linked in a bone on another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were employed in his own supermarket.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, internalities, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 feet, and these people carry heavy heavy bags that then will be transported to another area in which they drive the stone so they can extract the gold.
First sight, the site seems to be full of strong men and virgin but if we look closer, we see to work at the other less fortunate and also children.
They are all victims of injuries, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up as this victim of tuberculosis and engineering experience in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died her uncle to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Manya inherit the debt of the uncle that force him to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, he had worked in the 18-year-old years and the injury of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mines, so big that doctors said it should be a border.
In addition to that, Manya has tuberculosis, and not even that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Even so, he dream with being released and educated with local activists like "I have the Santa State, and it's this kind of determination, of face to a remote possibility to a remote possibility that inspires me so much respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen for you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give us testimony from them and make everything possible to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's really hard to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not from magazines -- they're people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think of these so many beautiful people, mathematically, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to be a fire and that fire shine light on the slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do application mathematics and there's a peculiar problem for who we do, we are like management consultation.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So I'm going to try to tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They gave us the virtues of the whale and the cholera dancers --  we will see later.
But the ball demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of detail and probably some initial application that you can have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, the neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease, gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Scotting who, in his time, was a virtual value of ballet whales.
Over the last few years has been made a lot in treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable depression, terrible, rich and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have a objective and a certainty.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other movements of movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve the blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a neurological test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside of clinical trials, they never do. Never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
They didn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to introduce you as no conventional way to try it, you see, in a sense at least at least, we're all virtual as my friend Jane Standard.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal ropes.
It shows someone healthy while I put sounds when I speak. We can imagine as a dancers of a vocal ball because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes necessary. The FBI, for example.
And like the ball, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time it takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of the vocal chords as you see, and as well as Parkinson's affecting the extracters, it also affects the vocal organs.
In the bottom line you can see an example of the irregular terrified of vocal ropes.
We see the same symptoms?
They fear vocal and department and rich.
The speech becomes more rainforester and specific after a while, and this is an example of the symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the special clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invisible.
The neurological test is not information. They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise. Okay, but even the stories based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be an appropriate.
They do very quickly to take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're a minimum cost and we all know what happens.
When something makes a cost so low, it goes on on massive scale.
These are some incredible goals.
We can reduce the limits of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine cooke.
With high frequency, we could get objective data.
We could do low mass reduction for clinical trials, and for the first time, fast collapse on the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first bioluminescence of the disease before it's too late.
So now by giving the first steps in that sense, we are launching the Vietnam Police of Paris.
Together to analyze and Parka, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to tackle these goals.
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Any one or without Parkinson's -- it can be called a price and let me go through a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mada, take all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who not?
What would you take from these samples?
Max Lillaser? Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease, TV, of course.
MR: You see, some people may not happen. It may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data to record in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the building factors for the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 27 percent accuracy right now.
MK: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student Transition -- I have to publish it, has made a fantastic job, and now it's shown that it works on the cell phone network also, which supports the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Now November and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MK: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much, Max Letty, public.
MK: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographs in New York City.
We are poor creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and, usually, we avoid the solar light.
We do to the money that are still more delighted, the perfect skin is still more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticized us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with a lot of years of experience and a real love for images and photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
A few time later, an organization where I was voluntary -- there Thomas Volating, was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to North.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the Oxford of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The water level goes over more than 24 feet tall and over three square miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastating.
We put rid of the channels and the swimmers.
We cleaned up schools. We took the logo and we leave the houses ready to be recorded and replaced.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, destinating, positional factory power.
We surrounded ourselves and loved it.
For weeks, both volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and cards and seats.
They all did the same thing.
You pick up and bring them into different places of the villages around to guard them.
It wasn't until then that I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffering.
As I went from the wave, and to save his lives, they had to leave absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village erased center.
It helped to clean up the common bathrooms the enormous, giant bands.
This place turned out to be the place in the village where the error center is collected by photos.
And there they took them and I had the honor that that day will trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was transformed myself my horizons that something happened.
By looking at the photos, I found some that had over a hundred years and some of them were still in the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that path and repair that trait and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook contact some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try to try.
So we started to pick up the photos.
This was the first of all.
I was not too strange, but where the water had declared the face of the girl had a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the same aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the stranger photo.
With the time step of time, they got more pictures and they need more reporters and they need more reporters in Facebook and Lincoln and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
At the age of two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join it.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Republicans, a neighbor village north of Yakito.
Once we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that they took in front of them, is a different story, depends on of course of the puzzle of the photos.
I could figure out an hour. I could imagine weeks.
I could imagine months.
This man had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water had not destroyed.
I took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures underground in hot water, calculated by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of them together with the time time taped destroyed, so by that clean by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless he was clean, dry and had been replaced by his owner.
We were lucky at hand.
We count with the guidance of an adjacent neighbors.
It's very easy to give you even more the photos.
As I said, "Well, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these photos were lucky to the photos.
I had started to wipe herself but he stopped realizing that they gave them even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild them, we could take the images in a single picture and pick up the full picture.
When he collected their pictures sharing something from their story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the photos in a flag station between the successful rubble of where they used to be their house, but their colleagues recognize it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the light of closing the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the sheets were smile.
His little children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that they had all survived.
The day that he gave her his own child lower was 14 years old.
For her, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift I could do that, something that he could go back to look at, something that I could remember from the past that would not have been killed by that day of March when everything in her life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan, 1,300 volunteers had joined there. There are hundreds of them helped us clean up by over 135,000 photos -- the big majority -- -- the big majority came back to their owners of it.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us give up to 90 families of totally resilient pictures and reminded them.
During this time, we didn't really spend more than 100 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in the printers for printers.
We took pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something -- one place, a relationship, someone want.
They are guidelines of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we will go to looking for.
This was the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to give someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is given to somebody, it sounds a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also makes a big difference in the life of the rewards.
Some of them are connected to something bigger -- getting something bigger, using their talent for something that are not thin models of perfect skin.
To finish I'd like to read this email -- I sent him Nike the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As a result, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular -- a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to small girl, meeting around a baby, and I was told, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter was born back, and I remember our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doha Edist inspired us staggering and curious with this picture of a bullet that landed an apple on an exhibition of only one million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion dollars per second.
I present you a new kind of photograph, the sense, a new technique that can create video videos of light in motion.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the rights, beyond the vision line, or see inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really defy the idea of camera.
If I take a laser point and take it up and turn it into a second or a second or a second or a number of female feedback, you will create a package of photos of just a millimeter.
And that piece of photons -- that bullet -- to travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
So if we take that bullet and this picture of photons and shoot them in this bottle, how do those pictures spread inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow camera.
Now, all of this --  Remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a nanotechnology is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion.
Color doesn't have this research.  It takes a lot of things in this film, getting rid of this information to show what's going on.
The pulse -- our bullet goes into the bottle with a package of photons that start to stop and that, inside, start to start.
Part of the light is flow, goes to the table, and we started seeing these analogy.
Many of the pictures finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounce inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection of the upper side you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several blocks that the reflection are concentrated with.
Now, if you take a common and a current bullet and we do that it goes down the same distance and we see it in camera slow to about 10 billion times, how much do you think would take us to see that film?
One day? One week -- actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --  from a slow bullet in motion.
And how about testing with natural nature?
You can see the waves that are standing from the table, the tomato and the wall.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato again, you realize that, as the light gets rid of the tomato -- it keeps brilliant. It doesn't down.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounce on its inside and it turns out after several billion seconds.
In the future, when this phenomenon is in its mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is killed without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it goes very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure -- so they just get some light out of light.
We send that bullet -- that photograph of photons millions of times, and we recorded over and over and over again with a very short synchronization, we took those data gigabytes and the computer screens, to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all those data in crude and process it in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
If a new power of a supernova future will allow you to see after the rights?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, record, entering the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light zones.
It's not science fiction. We've built it.
On the left, it's our feeding.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we bring the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in National National.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our family, has unique capability.
It has very good temporary resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent to what distance.
By projecting a laser -- you can record a piece of broken, which, you see on the screen, really doesn't make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we put them together, and we try to analyze the multiple light books, and with that, we can see the hidden object.
Could we see it at 3D?
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid colonies with what's around the curve of the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions, looking at the light reflected by open window.
Or we could build embodies able to see the inside of the body serving down, and the same thing for carbon.
But of course, because of tissue and blood -- this is pretty hard, so this is actually a asking to scientists to start thinking about sexuality as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of images in the next generation.
Just like Dr. Edister, he same a scientist, converted the science in art, an art of cultural photographs.
I realized that all of the kinds of data that we collect is not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But here is something fun as well.
If you look at the waves underneath the lid, these are getting away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects, and Einstein would have loved seeing this image.
The order that the events happen in the world sometimes comes up to the camera.
Application the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distortion to it.
It's time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A cell cell can change life and give you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, upload it to Sanda and make them famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a guy in 1984 and live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people are projected for a change.
This is 1989. Imagine if all these people gathered that protest for a change, they had a phone in the pocket.
Who you have a mobile phone here?
Let's sent it.
Raise their mobile phones.
Let's reduce it. An Antarctica, a Bluelith, work.
It's a lot. Almost everyone has a cell phone.
But today I talk about me, from my phone, and how life changed me.
So I'll talk about this.
These are 35 pounds of information.
Dater data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the TED Commission -- I presented a direction.
This is the Dallas Record Director.
This direction says that every European phone company, each of the Internet from all Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who. Who sends an email to who.
Who sends him a text to who.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in its phone company or their Internet provide.
And all over Europe, people are flat, and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the algorithm in the digital age, and we don't want the phones and the Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests -- everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people coming out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Look, not fear.
And some of them even said this would be the 21st Street.
The State was the secret Police of Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really working.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time you use the mobile?
So I asked my phone -- Desalio Telecommunicate, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany, that please send me all the information that they had about me.
I was asked once, and I was asked to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah, blah, blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information, because you are producing my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Descred Telecom said, no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end of the end of the end.
I would take the demand and they send me the information that I thought.
Meanwhile, the Constant Court Germany failed the University for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly dinner with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Transition and five thousand units of information lines.
At the beginning I saw them, and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little student, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data collection means.
So next to Ze Obama and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom back and stay, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm going from Florida in train to Colombia, and what often I call on the trajectory.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not only about me.
It's about all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this big network of communications.
You can see how your people communicate each other to know what time they call each other, what hour depressed.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who you talk to who, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin in the 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who I participated in this protest, and, if the State had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall of Berlin may never have happened.
And in contrast, it's not the fall of the iron.
Because today, state agencies today and companies want to store as much information from us as possible within and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But the algorithm and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight by autonomy.
You have to fight that every day.
When they go home to tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not happening of fashion.
When you go home, give it to your representation that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you ask your phone company, what data storage from you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile phones that would serve them to remember that they have to fight by the algorithm in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
I call me Manhattan Zamber, and I'm not organic, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, manipulate to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, that's why I take all the time.
Look at it.
It's a sensing. I'm like a mistake of Shanghai.
And Muslim Alley.
The P, it's not genetics.
It's not connectional to control.
No one did the uterus of my mother and I didn't hire it because my parents were siblings, even though they are.
Just by accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the present.
I feel bad for me, because at some point of life, you've wanted to be disappoight.
Come on the ride.
Christmas lives, are in the shopping center, driving in circles in search for parking lots, and what do you see?
16 places empty for disability.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little distributed?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P, C, is only one of them.
There is a origin of operation, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim and woman, diagnosis and living in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Clinton in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same incentives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy, but my parents don't believe in the "No way."
The mantra of my father was, "Can I do that," dancing song?
If my three biggest sisters cleaned, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents sued to the school system, and I made sure that I would also be, and if we didn't take the maximum note all of us and we get my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five to put my hands in his feet and just walk.
Another technique that I used was to take a dollar in front of me so that it would persuade it.
The side that I took inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the childhood garden was walking as a steam camp that has received many golfers.
When I grew up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
There are now 20 Arabs now, and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Islamic.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians thought appropriate to use "The Muslims, as a campaign.
The people who grew up had no problem with my faith.
However, it seemed to be concerned about a lot of hunger on the radio.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so to help the dawn of the lander to the lander is very easy.
Bath taped in Broadway in Broadway.
Yeah, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford the physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with male, or I can walk with males.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used talents, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents were afraid that if we didn't go back to Palestine all the summer, we would become Man.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to save it, so I drank capita milk -- I got warm hot on the back, I got married on the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Look, work."
But the miracle cure was the monkey.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I was doing yoga I was a super company that I couldn't stand on foot.
And now I can hold on your head.
My parents would report this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, the state of Arizona, because it entered all the crops.
It was like the mass department of the theater department.
They all love me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent -- I knew the maximum note in my classes, and also in their class.
Every time I was doing a scene of the glass company my teachers crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Dannyin very slow in Jackson very slowly.
It's a piece of a girl with cerebral parasites.
I was a girl with cerebral parasites.
So I started screaming at four weeks, "The end will have a role.
I have cerebral parasites.
At the end of the fire.
Thank God to God at the end I'm free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him to Stanley Brown to it.
I went to increase running the theater department director and crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask me why and she said to me that because they believed that they couldn't do the risk screens.
And I said, "Let's be a little bit if I can't do the risk scenes, it can't be the character either.
It was a paper for which he literally had born and gave it to an act without cerebral parasites.
University was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a story of driving actors with no disability of disability.
When I grew up, I went home, and my first active tour was like a stranger on a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be assumed of "The Loude friend, in a sandwich.
Instead, I stayed there as a garden -- I didn't see me more than the moon, and it was obvious for me that the department directors were not hiring government activities, not white, with disability.
They only hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Wikipedia Gulfale, Dr. Bronx, Ella, and all these women had one thing in common: they were competitive.
So I made me humanizing.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey to New Jersey, and never forget the face of the first comic that he took when I was going at high speed by New Jersey City with a driver that had cerebral parasites.
I worked in clubs of all the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censor and without any veil.
Some people say I'm the first monitor of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Orange, and I launched the New York City Commission in New York City now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the returns in communications media, and at the time remind the director of report that substance and Arabic are not sitting.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the disconnection of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was like I was invited to the news of news by cable the cable to Ken Levine.
I walked out as if I went to a graduate school, I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the direction and I said, "You can give me another city?
She looked at me and said, "Hey, four, three, two."
And we were live.
So I went to the desk of the presence to not go out on the screen during the sense, and when I finished the interview, I was plan.
At the end I had my opportunity and the desk -- I knew that they would not be able to send it.
But not only Mr. They were going to be able to invite it, but it was kind of like participating in complete time and pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Leve was that people on the Internet are electronic.
That kids are critically, but they never get away from me nor of a greater girl.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became object.
I saw online clips with comments like, "Why a the car care?
"It's returned."
And my favorite, "The Terrain Southern Space.
What disease does it have?
We really should go through it.
A comment suggested even that I will add my disability to my career, glacier, company, paralyzed.
Display is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Benki -- then Ben can't make someone in wheelchair.
The disasters are the -- yes, applauding, man. Come on.
The disasters are the largest minority in the world, and the most super-security in the entertainment world.
The doctors said not to walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with media media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My tasks travel to me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk up by the red carpet by the divident of St. Susan Lucis and the Russian Arabia clinic.
I got to act in a movie with Adam Sanda and work with my dog, the incredible Dave Matthew.
The world recorded the world are going faster."
I was standing in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008.
And I founded "The Man of March, a benefit organization to give kids refugee Palestinians -- a bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me act live, and I dedicated this talk to her memory.
(Music ends)
I'm called Manhattan Zamber, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small town to South South.
This village is near Mozart.
The signal drives the small village to poverty and the brink of the income.
No anything for him there, it's going to the big city, in this case, Mozart, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there's no opportunities -- there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mozart.
After maybe a year ago, nothing.
One day is about a gentleman that offers him to take it to lunch.
It knows a dynamic group of people, which gives him a disconnect.
You get a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to her family.
They present a young guy.
It finally goes home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life of life.
A beautiful day in Mozart, under a blue sky, is a bomb car.
That little boy of that little town with dreams of the great care was the suicide bomber -- and that dynamic group of people were the Saturday, a terrorist organization connected with the Qaeda.
So how about the story of a small town of a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him inferted."
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, waiting to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing that I did about what we call "The House Person."
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marriage, young or young urban urban people who deliberately discovered in Jewish delivered distributed in London, which is looking for something beyond the hope "endless?
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffered from the highest description rates.
By 2030, three of five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the hope "for House, the access of access to terrorism, to violence, to tablets to be the history of the 21st cities.
And in my hometown city, Mozart, 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mother last month, and I went to visit the Maintear Hospital.
I remember going to be at that hospital hole to ball thinking, and if I never had it?
And if I had seen me forced to be on that same speed "remain?
Would it have become terrorists.
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Monterey that month was actually to beat a few juvenile leaders in a corporate enterprise.
It goes back to about 90 simple juvenile leaders.
We sat and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Andrew.
He was at the University of Mozart, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, that because it was a graduate university, desperate, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shanghai and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to being recruited to it.
They looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozart, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war has completely destroyed the living system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
And I saw an opportunity and they opened it.
I started a motorcycle company.
He started attached motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy it.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point expanding hundreds of engines for the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this story different?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit -- and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the hope "endless?
It makes young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately delighted.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Monterey Mozambique, a flow.
I was helping some of the young people in the food of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Monterey has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mozart arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding store, we used to be sent from the foreign sea.
If you asked somebody, "How did it look like the last time you saw fractal flu."
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So Mozart saw an opportunity.
I started a company of paradigm and floral design.
I created a farm in the outskirts of Mozart, and he started to grow the tablets and tears that according to it, they could survive the hard climate of Mozart.
And he started the delivery of flowers for nightmare, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies -- and now he's working on the creation of the first public park in Mothan in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozart.
It wants to create a space where the families, the young people, can go together, and, as he says, I smell the professional table.
By the way, he didn't grow rivers because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the PowerPoint presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They never thought about starting a business.
They had thought to work for a NGOs, working for government, but his story, their innovation, really had a strong impact about them.
I force them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encourage you to believe that they might be entrepreneurs, that might be an artificial change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They have business solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put in their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need to give them the support that they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mozart is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park is how it calls it, when it's created -- transform the way people see their city.
And he was hired to hire the street kids to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape the special "people paradigm?
These entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, by turning young people in entrepreneurs, including and feeding their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Paris of the Peace that carry and say "Repertonic Spanish?
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to my dad on the mountains Democratic -- an alien area north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The central forest.
The sun would make the leaves graduate as a violence, and not to be on the path that we followed, we can almost pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a computer in a visit with sight to a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible when I discovered something horrible when I discovered something horrible when I discovered something.
Behind the coverage there was a battery, from about four square meters with apple hearts of algorithm panels of aluminum paper, and old call.
And I was analyzing, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The cameras that were too lazy to get out what they did, who thought I was going to clean their battery?
That question followed with me, and it's just a little bit of a simple.
Who cleans our battle?
No matter how an organization or where you get the "review who clean our garbage in extract?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash -- in fact, 11 thousand tons of waste, and two thousand tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know it as individuals.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What does the uniform use and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewing people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intense.
I needed to do more.
So I began to work as a trash collecting of trash.
Now not just travel in the trucks. I drive them.
And they operated the mechanical schools and the snow bare.
It was an amazing privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not just as much as believe -- and in the days that it's very strong you will be used quickly.
It costs a lot of the weight to the weight.
I met people who had worked in that for several years and their bodies kept pouring into the weight of taking over their body tons of garbage every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Laboratory States, the waste collection is one of the 10 most dangerous levels of the country, and I learned the reason.
You are coming out and coming into the traffic all day and passes around you around you.
They just want to pass it, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the work.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the impossible of garbage.
When you get out of the bucket and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stopped coming in.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It always must be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I believe that waste rewards are the most important workforce on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health proteins.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective way every day, this starts to defeat your content and their inherent dangers are threatened in very real forms.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to graduate and start to dance.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we don't have space for the new thing that the engine of the economy start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism. I just signal its relationship.
And then there is what I call our average speed day necessary.
And I mean that I just mean the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
Usually we don't worry about, we didn't repair or we clean or we have our coffee cup -- our ball of the jaw, our water bottle.
We use them, we take them off, we forget them from them, because we know there is a job force on the other side that will come from it.
So today I want to suggest you a couple of ways of thinking about the waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and embedded in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, is almost a little bit.
They're on the street every single day, a radiation form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you wait.
And their work allows us to do our work.
They're almost a way of relief.
The flow that keeps us left us to save ourselves from ourselves, from our own waste, our desks, and that flow always needs to stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the graph of a waste collection truck on the street, and I went to my little little son and down the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycling train as he did all the memories.
And I tried to thank you to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And I looked at me and just took it, and he said, "Let's be right.
We're going to be OK."
Shortly after that, I began to investigate the waste collection, and I went back to that man.
It's called Lasheler, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be right.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have all the costs -- even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
Musical waste -- what we think when we talk about trash -- represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one that you see to someone whose work is to clean the trash of you, you take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life to form part of the environment where architecture born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today, I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out there?
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to fix.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big shops where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to push a lot of energy because the crystals with crystals generates heat inside the inside, so it needs a lot of control.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And third, their aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a stone train of a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, he was really calculated with the old market that is this structure to free air where thousands of people go and buy things every day to little finished.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a building modern, of several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge is presented to inspiration the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city, where much of the buildings that we see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, using all the entries of the building.
And this is spread with an inclusive air that creates a space to the free air in the building that is calculated, for its own form, from sun and rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with little businesses, which changes in each floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do we close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I began to think about a similar tissue to a horse care with permanent supply to allow the air input and also of light, but in a filtering way.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the states of the elements.
They have properties of fractal geometry and that helped me model the face.
We are building that with these little pieces of things that are the windows that leave the air and light in a way controlled to the inside of the building.
This is made up with these little colored crystals that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas not easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a shopping center. It wasn't what we asked?
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because in the end, there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the date was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to glass, but because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we get certain savings savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy supply for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a big advantage to put photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these dogs on the roof, which is in a set pick water for the interior satellites.
It was expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a 200-year-old master plan.
And to perform a big project, the biggest thing that I had designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I had special attention in the media, a 100 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand the existing streets -- by creating 12 initial blocks in size and features to the ones in Barack and other cities in Europe with these courtyards in Europe.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the determined doors with straight lines, and this moves the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like application as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the medical climate class."
And it's norms, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we supported a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly orientation in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these batteries with pathways, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians in the bottom.
And it also responds to the local norms that established greater density on the upper levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And I also remember this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like to reduce the community space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and social -- and make such as a race of two miles a morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see the cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes the communities and local economies at the same rate that make the buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important watching architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable.
He had big numbers of very brilliant hair and a little study of pencils -- cute it was super strong for the capitalism of the states, very good for profit.
I ended up that year and I was full of classrooms, until I brought my sign plan.
One day I got a time after the school room, I was a little late and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was down, I went, I walked into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the book of carrier.
And then I did.
I added the ratings of my rival -- just a little bit like that.
All of them --  And I went to give me the book on the box -- but to see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a fragment, I run the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the fathers from Day and myself a row of it, just for being there.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never catch me.
It was that everything was deliberately obvious.
I never discovered me.
But above all, I was reminded by the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for order.
I was intrigued by the cells.
They're so mysterious and so performance.
We know that babies suffer from cells.
Also primates, the birds are very property.
We know that the cells are the number one cause on the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed the loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the laboratory in which the cells are studying in all of their shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no cells, there would be no literature.
Because there would not have Held the invitation, nor would there have "done?
There would be no cell king, not a thousand and a night.
There was no Shakespeare there.
They went down the lists of high school, because we would be losing "The Now and Force, there would be no "people or "Marcold." We would miss from "Star Gold, and "The Kong Kong?
Without chains, there's no Prospers. I know it's fashionable to say that Prostic has the answers for everything, and, as soon as the cells, it almost has all of them.
This year is about 100 years of his masterpiece, "In for the look for lose time, the most extracted study of sexual cells and also the ordinary competition, the mine, all we could have.  And think of Proson, we have the sensitive details -- right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think about a humble manipulation in you of saving.
We forget how hard that image.
We forgot how impossible it is.
I mean, this is books that Virginia Voni said were as hard as a cat.
I don't know what the cat train, but we know it's survival.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the cells, the beaches and Proson.
It's going to be very obvious like the cells, who are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their implements, are a good narrative basis ...
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
One story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being narrative and audience, we know exactly what details include the knife -- right?
The cells make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Prostic understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give you pleasure to another, maybe right now.
And it starts to say to itself that story, and since then, President says that every single piece that Saturday detected in his lover, adds it to its collection collection collection in its private camera.
You have to admit that San and Prosthope, they were not under cells.
You know, Princeton novels would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so cell to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are sentenced.
It's an emotion manipulated. You have to feed it.
So what are the classrooms like?
The cells are nurtural from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small study of limits.
The cells are number of photos.
That's why I install is so successful --   Prostic links well the academic language with the cells.
When Sweden is in his cell network, suddenly I hear behind the gates and bribe to the services of his lover, then they define those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is representation, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or looking at a monographic?
He says, "It's a scientific research with real intellectual value.
Prostic is trying to prove that the cells look intensely and make us seem absolutely absorbed, but in their mind, they're pursuit of knowledge, search from the truth, a painful truth -- in fact, what President continues, the more pain, the better.
The pain, the humanity, the loss. These were the pathways to the wisdom of Prostic.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffering, causes in us a much deeper and vital feelings than a wise man that can be interested in us.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for criteria growing?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells will disclose ourselves.
And there is some other excitement that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion revealed us our artist, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at with intense intense intense."
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very clever young man who was consumed with the idea that her woman was started.
And Freud says that there was something strange about that man, which didn't look at what his wife did.
She was innocent -- everybody knew.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that did their wife, without realizing it counts, invisible behaviors.
Does it smile too much, or accidentally the access to a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the cost of the unconscious of his wife.
novels are really good at this.
novels describe very well how the cells make us look at intense but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely cells are, the more we become residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells take us violent or illegal act.
The cells are pushing us to share in completely individual ways.
Now I'm thinking about me about eight years old, I recognize it -- but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
One woman in Michigan from 52 years old was captured by having created a false account in Facebook since the one that was sent from flying messages for himself for a year.
For a year. It's all a year.
She was trying to insult the new girlfriend of his former men. I have to confess that when or this, reaction with administration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What huge -- although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a Parka Higgs novel.
Higgs is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "Live "The Trade in a train, and "The Taliban Mr. Rickle: books that are trying to how the cells are driving our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be standard in a second.
Take Tom Richard, his most famous character.
Tom Rick is going to want or want what you are going to be able to care about being and postured what you ever have, and you're under the floor -- I respond to your name, you take your soils, you empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Richard.
I can't give you all over the world, as much as sometimes I want.
It's a stranger, because we live in time of envy.
We live in times of cells.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is the sense, right?
novels show us the saladed supply -- I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
We go to the 28th Street of Baker Street, and we asked for Santa Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think about the manufacturing in the Mother Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred the Lester Head of Salari Card that needs Hollywood desperate, needs the Hollywood genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar to me.
Lester needs his help, but it turns it down, and but it was burden with bitterness, in each of the mysteries in the mission.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Six National Sixth Arena once Chana comes in, I would destroy all of them with his solution, Lesterland goes back to Dutch and says, "We're not cells, Mr. Green.
We're proud of you?
And he says that there is no person in Selumance Carria that I didn't want to clean your hand.
It's one of the few times we see Dutch transformed in history. It seems to me very excited. That scene is also mysterious -- right?
It seems to treat the cells as a problem of geometry without emotion.
You know, in one minute Dutch is on the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute, the next side.
Suddenly, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being he was the resident.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells are really a matter of geometry, just a question where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to take away from the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the control plans.
So as we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction for us.
Only the fiction cut the cells.
The fiction used the depression, I invite them to the table.
And look at what I was going to look at -- the Latin Dutch, the terrifying Tom Rona, the Los Saturn Milo Milo Mission Mission.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Big Alexander jumped out of the local cord of Apollo 11 and discovered about the Marine of the Rainforest.
Armstrong and Alexander were alone, but his presence in the surface of the surface was the culmination of a contemporary collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest movement in the history of the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars from today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the triple of Apollo 1.
But before the progress Apollo Prince, 24 men traveled to the Moon.
Give me walk on their surface, which Alexander after death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They didn't take a lot of a back -- 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would influence afterwards, a new sense of the little sense and the fragility of our common home.
Why was they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words in Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1965 give us a better idea.
John F. Kenny -- some questions, why the Muslim Muslim?
Why would we turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why scale the highest mountain scan?
35 years ago, why fly on the Altos?
Why do I play Rice against Texas.
We choose to go to the Moon.
We choose to go to the Moon.
We choose to go to the Moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Ponder: For the conversations, the Apollo was not just a West victory on the Cold War.
In the time, the stronger emotion was the wonder of the marriage of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing in the Moon happened in a context of a long list of technological translator.
The first half of the 20th century produces the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, it was eradicated the pollution and they call the smallpox.
The technology seemed to have what Alexander Tanzania in 1970 called "The collection?
For most of the history of humanity -- we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a candle boat, but in 1969, the triangle of the Apollo Apollo to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being turned to the Moon.
No one has traveled faster than the traffic of Apollo 10, and the optimistic joy about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that we imagine that the technology will solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to be intractable results.
I remember seeing the desk of the 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that they didn't look at the escape tube of the Saturn Saturday rocket.
I knew that this would be the last Russian mission, but I was completely sure that I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that "The "A read to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
I hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies would have stopped us, and they had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sales.
There's nothing bad in most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a partial explanation in Silicon Valley, which claims that you've created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel financed interface, Microsoft and Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment is changing the creation of transformative ideas, by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
I explained mostly what's going wrong at Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were in their logical point without worrying about risk, they preferred little investments -- tiny investment of the ones that were able to go in 10 years.
The Chamber, they've always had trouble investing with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- they've never invested in developing technologies to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose to not solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we will.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars required a political decision that was popular, and that would never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption provide renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biomaterial less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biomaterial.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologies, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treatment will increase the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the political climate of the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, it will not be.
We know from the time that famines are a result of failure in the feed of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the food distribution.
Technology can improve things like the harvest or the systems for the storage and they repair food, but there will be humanities while there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1973, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant resistance, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and virtual treatments in the last 10 years.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present. political leaders and population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, have to really try to try and try to really understand a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission that has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems -- it makes those criteria with them.
But it's a improvisation model in the future.
We're not in 1966.
There is no graduate competition as in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who serves how hard and dangerous it, and there's no popular science of science fiction as you can explore the solar system.
In general, going to the Moon turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start recreating the general ideas that have about trust.
They're so common that they have become our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a reflection, there's been a big decline of trust, it's a very general belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think that the reflection, the goal and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a seal, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of the replacement, why do people think trust have disappeared.
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge to think that it can have fallen in some activities or institutions and that might have increased in others.
I don't have a clear.
But I can go back to the opinion surveys, and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of the belief that trust has delivered.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were destroyed 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same distribution.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago, they are still pretty confident 20 years ago.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half a way.
But is this evidence enough."
What the opinion polls are recording is, of course, opinions.
What else can you get?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if someone asked you, "Let's be in the vegetables?
Do you trust the fishermen."
Do you trust the promise teachers?
We probably started to ask, "Where do you do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust in some, but in other not."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to dominate trust differently.
We don't know that the level of trust that we're going to feel like for a certain kind of official or functional or kind of person, it's going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say that I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give you the kind of reading, but no way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my youngest friend to keep a conversation, but no, perhaps, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives of the way that trust is difficult, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to move the good inherent judgment in the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I persuaded.
I would take a lot more confidence in what it's measured of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a part of not trust what it's not trust.
And I think that those people who depended their savings with the very close one called Mr. Madara, who then disappeared with them, I think in them, and I think, well, they were too confident to be.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It trusted depression or negative with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say, you know, yes, OK, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What's about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that we can make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things:
Are they competitive? Are you honest. Are you responsible."
And if we find that one person is competitive in personal materials, and it's responsible and honest then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but it doesn't trust them to take a letter in the mail because they're forgetting.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I got a lot to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competitive and responsible but extremely deliberately.
If it's like this, I still haven't stopped.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
The trust is the answer.
The trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
Over the last decades, we've been trying to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals and officials and so on, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper that I was going to do in it?
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional -- that the account system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness. And the trade evidence is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is make the work of the people who have to make hard tasks like the parasites, you would argue that "The health cases, as we say.
It sure you all know similar examples.
All that, for the target.
I think that the goal should be more continuous, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we're going to convey to the people that are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people or officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, which doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task reconstruct the trust, it puts things into the break.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild the trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if you are two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, it's distinctive because we can give it other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough to give them enough to trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't engage, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to take some iconic evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials -- the institutions very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says that I can get them back without explanation.
I take them up and give me the money, or change them for the color that I want.
That's great. It trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other hand, that's a very good proof that you are worthy of trust, and you have trust on what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're pointing is not really hard to discover it.
What people trust is in the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been surprised by reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world on the screen in which the imagination can be delivered.
This separation has been retrofitting and more and more, to such a point that is less than one millimeter, the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into the digital space, so that when the strong force against the screen is their physical body to explosion.
designers can disrupt their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using the whole dexterity of the hands?
In the Discovery of Michael Apple at Microsoft, along with my mentor Casey Balgon, I redesign the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
They combine a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can lift the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pickles directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, self-religious it is as easy as to grab a book of a state.
You can take the book and make lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that there is down every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the roles and make digital information come towards us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and showing things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual trial on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or transportation when the system understands the geometry of your body.
So if we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing puzzles in space, how can we make it physical so we can touch them and feel it?
How would it be a future like this?
At the Media Lab of MIT with my tutor Hiroshi Islam and my collaborator, Rives Post, we created this only physical piece.
This spherical magnet, it behaves as a 3D piece in space, which means that as much as computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
So it surprises, what we did was to analyze gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and determining mechanics.
And by programming the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay in the physical world.
You can teach them physically holders and distance and the famous shots of Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, the physics, and unlike the monitor or text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but that begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to be disconnected from our world.
So we started talking about today talking about a barrier, but if we hold that barrier, the only limit that remains our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a giant for two years in Havana, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all of the paid.
But my mother sleep said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed that there was only a closed path to happiness, a safe work and a remarkable job.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer song.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer has to start training from very young to learn the accessible, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
Until I wrote the director of school and the presence of a radio program.
But no adult.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew that it was too much bigger to train.
My dream will never happen.
subject, for the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved another voice.
Nobody all around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
He remembered books.
(Music Chairs: From Santa History -- "The History of History, from Nancy Hotel. I got to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese campaign life.
And it's not properly propaganda. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation. "I will get your father and your mother."
"Let's say, "It's so different, and much better than obviously."
So it became my tool to come out of this controlled guilt of guilt and to reset the relationship with my parents.
And I met with a new culture also led to my computer reading habit.
It provides a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me, because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me that China didn't have to be at the center of the world.
A map means the perspective of people.
The comparison reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are into research camps as a computer religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contract, they offer the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked for research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books.
You can try and try of people with the Philippe Islamic -- "Dad Administration, David Editorians, who were involved in the same subject, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ. temptation are economic, political and spiritual people.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychological, lunch, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
(Music ends) They walk from Culture Talm, Thomas Merced watch the Same, Alan Wallands." Instead of losing it in translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "Listening, in Chinese literally means "Lady quick?
And "The Chinese in Chinese, literally means "My mother Oh."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not going to feel like I used to be used or impossible before.
Having a straight dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffering.
I've come to believe that the deal is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is connecting to the place that the dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a decoder dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and with clarity, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychology client at the time.
I was a PhD student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman called Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using vacations and a killer boat, he threw on the couch of my office and he took me the shoes and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so algorithm.
My class of class had a pyramid as a first client.
And I got a window that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, he made me easy to just move the head while we would take the solution.
"The tragedy is the new vehicles: I said, Alex, and so I saw it, she was right.
You start working afterwards, you have children later, until death goes on.
For Ventures like Alex and I had time to go.
But a little bit later, my superpower pressure me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I rescue me.
I said, "Look, it's coming out with guys under your category, it acts with a human head, but it's not like going to marry with him?
And then my supermarket said, "All no, but maybe it's married with the next one.
Furthermore, the best time to work on the March marriage is before it gets married.
This is what psychologists call a "eureka!" moment.
It was when I realized that the United States are not the new 1990s.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used to, but this didn't make the 20th of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20th of Alex were the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign neuroscience was a real problem, and I had real consequences -- not only for Alex and his love life but for the careers, the families and the fireface future of all sides.
There are 50 million vehicles in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think no one comes to the adult without spending before by the 1990s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the windows here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with vegetables, I love a Venturnia, I would take you the dream a vehicle, I want to see. It's good. Incredible, the vehicles really matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at the age of 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments, which shape their life will have happened to have the past for 30 and so many.
People from over 40 -- they don't train on panic.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact about how many money they win.
We know more than half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future forest at the age of 30 years.
We know that the brain ends its second and final growth of growth in its 20th and represents for adults, which means that if there is something you want to change from themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality.
The 1990s are the moment to educate their body and their options.
When we think about child development, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your life and the common life has an impact in the person that will become it.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development, and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the vehicles are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes in the time of adults.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists have been named names of the windows like "Lesters and "Constant and "Lives."
It's true.
As a culture, we have considered a triangle, which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berlin said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give them a bless to a vehicle in your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and not absolutely anything.
And then every day -- smart vehicles, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know that my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time -- I'm just killing time.
Or they say, "You know that while you start a career before the '30s, everything will be fine."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 is to finish and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better control, the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quote for the 1990s were like the game game.
They're all running and fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music came up and they all started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one that was going to stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30 percent.
Where are the windows here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme -- but it doesn't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there is a huge pressure to the translators and so many of them starting a career, choosing a city, picking a mate, and having two or three children in a much smaller period of time.
Many of these things are not compassionate, and there are research that they start to show -- which is much more difficult and stressed to do everything from one time.
The middle of the middle age is not about buying red sporting cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the race you want now.
Realizing you can't have the child that you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
Many transitions and curves look at themselves, and I sit in the room, and talk about their 10, "What was I thinking?" What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the windows are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or in the entertainment, but you couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a jellyfish.
As it was cheaper. I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperatures than ambition.
And even though we live about 20 very difficult 20,000 life had been even harder.
And they cried up often in our sessions, but then she lifted herself by saying, "One don't choose his family, but he can choose his friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost all of the hour.
He had just bought a new bookstore to direct it, and I had spent the whole morning filled with his many contacts, but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words "In Empathen Case, please call them?
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have an autonomous accident?
Who is going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I cost a lot of work to resist and not say, "No."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really cared about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex just like I was just feeling while the defining decade of Emma was going on.
So for the next week and months, I told Emma three things that all Vinciple, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget that crisis of identity and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean to do something that added value to its person.
Make something that is an investment in what they want to be next.
I didn't know the future of Emmanuel career, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this -- capital capital generates capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, of that interface, from that company that you want to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to prove it.
I'm not describing the Venus exploration, I'm describing the exploration that I shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's protected.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell you.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are superintelligent.
The best friends are excellent to bring it to the airport, but the windows that are together with friends with similar minds are limited on how much who you know, what they know, how they think, how to talk about, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who goes out almost always comes out of its closest circle.
New things come from what are called weak friends of friends from their friends.
Yes, half of the windows have a bad job or no work.
But the other half not, and the weak links are the way to color this group.
Half of the jobs have never been published, then, meeting the head of your neighbor is how you get a job to get a job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Last but not least, Emmanuel believed that you don't choose your family, but I know their friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as Veganah, Emmanuel soon elected his family, when he has a partner and formed his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit head than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But they chose the person that you live right now or you have to live now when everyone in Facebook starts to walk towards the height is not progress.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
Pick your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work, or killing time with who you get to you.
So what happened to HIV?
Well, we checked that principal, and she found the fourth of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's a special organization of events.
This happens with a man who chose consciously constant.
He loves his new career, I love his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "Now the emergency content spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with vehicles.
It's very easy to help you.
Vents are like planes that come out of the Los Angeles airport that go somewhere in the West.
Just before the desk, a slight limit on his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Finance.
In the same way, at 21, and even at 22, a good conversation, a good description, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading all the windows that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alec to Alan.
This is what I have the privilege to tell you to Venturists like Emma every day -- the teachers are not the new 20 percent, they recruit their adult capacity, they get identity capital -- they use your face lines, they smell your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in commercial consulting for a work that was even more explosive, the defense.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade students in New York Public schools.
And as any teacher, they apply tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, the grades.
What I called the attention was that the CEO, wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no CO2 scores -- strangers.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in seventh degrees, secure, are hard, proportionately, decisions, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over the time.
After several years of education, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in better way.
But what if you have success in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in rapid and easy way?
So I left the classroom and went to college to become a psychologist to become a psychology.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military West West Child.
We try to predict what kids would remain in military training and who will be resonance.
We went to the National Committee of Delino and we tried to predict what kids are going to do the most possible thing in the competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective thing to improve the learning of their students' learning.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, what about these marketers are going to keep their jobs on?
And who is going to make more money?
In all of those very different contexts, a characteristic as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance -- physical health and wasn't the C.
It was the definition.
Definition is passion and personal to reach very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to tackle their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and work really hard to make that future a reality.
Definition is living life as if it was a marathon -- not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students that did my questionnaires of determination and then wait around over a year to see who they graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly higher chance of graduation, even when I was pushed them in every character that I could measure, things like family income, the results of the standardized test, even the security that kids felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or at the National Congress of Delino in which the definition matters -- it's also in school, especially for kids at risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how much we know, how much that science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job?
How do you keep them motivated for the long sea."
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination to them.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not going on with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or even related to talent measurements.
Up until now, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called the "compassion of growth "The Green."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carole Roger, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not film, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Robert has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge -- they're much more likely to pursue when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth mindset is a big idea to develop definition.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to prove them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to be willing to fail, to be willing to be willing to be willing to be able to start all again with the lessons to learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more detailed.
Thank you.
They grew up in Taiwan as the daughter of a cart, one of my most attached memories.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an extracting, it seems to be as impressive as the Great Wall Christ.
Over the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and rapid method of learning Chinese might be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of each of the cards in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and a simple way.
An Chinese academic understands 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy to understand it.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read traffic signals, restaurant menus -- understanding the basic idea of the website or the newspapers.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's spare.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
Person.
If the fire of fire is a person with arms on both sides -- as if I was screaming in front of a which is an income way, "Mary I'm started." This symbol actually is original in the shape of the call, but I like to believe it is the other way.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a pair of gates from a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks so they believe many more cards.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's "The "The "The "Top."
As the old said, two are company, three are multiplication.
If one person is getting their arms, this person is saying to be that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner -- such as Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we have the forest.
Put a chart under the tree, we have the commercials.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a "back Four --  Easy to remember, because a broken tree is pretty idea.
Remember the fire.
Two fire together, it's very hot.
Three fire. That's a lot of call.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's strength.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two sunlight together, I was prosperous together.
Three together, those are despaired.
They put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the shine.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and night.
The sun goes out on the horizon, Amazon.
One door -- you put a board inside the door, it's the brain certaint.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Toy, have anybody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, exploded, except.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, have care is adaptabilitate.
So we've already gone through 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical people will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters built another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of cards, which is the same as a eight year-old Chinese.
So after I met the cards, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano of fire.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains piled up on the other.
In the old China, that meant in exile because Chinese employees were thrown into their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become to go.
A mouth that tells you to come out is a camel.
This is a slide to remind you that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Golden magician together.
The movie doubled his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Global, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic garden.
But by seeing that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and create our children in a kind of industrial complex show of childhood fantasy.
However, Olympic magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a few years later with a few years later, interestingly, another movie whose protesters -- a metal boy and a furry boy rescued a girl dressed as a guide of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Olympic magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Golden magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think that if the magician of Oz is made today, the magician would say, "Don't sleep, you are the salvation of Oz as the profession predicts it.
I used magical shoes to defeat the computer-generated military evils of the limb.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Olympic magician is that the most heroic characters -- wedding and even violence are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a son.
It's only three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the supermarket level was down.  So he stood up in the room and he was struck as a mother stopped with his legs behind, and I don't think he understood what happened, but including, absorbent everything.
I wonder what perceived it.
Would it be values and personality and legacy?
Would it have the feeling that Luke is a military to defeat the government?
So let's compare this with the March of Old 1980.
How do I win Dorator their movie?
Make good migrations with all of them and be a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow A, OK, and not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital force For the fire of the movies for our children, and so little from the yellow lawyers?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this state.
I know for experience that the Red princess didn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that is minute.  I think at the moment of the first kiss -- I really hoped that the criteria start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why do you keep standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on delivering the violin and getting their reward, and they don't leave for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a stupid animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and they defend the members of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they guys, they're not really their target public.
They make a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, so real and lovely like Herbie and Kasse, but they don't stop being movie movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear on classic after classical classic, each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who brought a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out Valley.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what the criticism said when I came out Valentine?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. Don't let that stop you.
Well, almost none of these movies happened the test of Benkin.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still not race and already properly properly, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Alfred Ben is a comic drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had with a friend about the assessment of movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do -- in the film, there's more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more apart from the boy that so much of them --  OK? Thank you.  So thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the film that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film.
Right? Russian Russians, successful success, a consensus idea of what is a quality movie of quality.
It doesn't happen the test of Benkin.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the reverse crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this sculpture, and it's the big moment for one of the activists to take a look at the door and say, you come to bed, card."
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 more popular films, how many of them think they have female protocells."
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's good.
But there's a bigger number than this one that's going to be disappointed this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what I said.
In the United States, one in five women say it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that the music videos or portion are closely linked -- but something wrong with that statistic -- one of the things that I think is that there is a lot of sex.
Who are those guys who are learning?
What do you not have to learn to?
Are you taking the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violence with violence, and then it would take the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we running that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to be able to prepare it.
We have tools to our disposal as a turn, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask you to ask yourself, go ahead and protect it if at the same time, activate or priesting, we're educating our children to keep their own mass power.
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of the marketing is radically changing.
You've read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the space care of the surgery.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character from "Star Wars -- you know what I was saying?
Obvious.
Obama Kenya and Germany.
What do you have in common?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories where I tell my son, and you see and fight just and more stories where their work is to join a team, maybe a team leadership for women, helping other people improve and be better people, like Ohmer magnet.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I loved was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine, because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these contents.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see it.
However, over time, I was used to look for it.
I started to see ways and patterns that helped me collaborate me.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love by the past and the anchor.
And finally when I started studying extracting, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of about 2,000 miles away to the NSA.
And my sea cookies had grown up the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew that I had to do in another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use information.
This is a place located in the eastern crime of Egypt called Benki.
And the place, in simple sight, seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared and we process it using false color, it suddenly looks like brilliant pink law.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and activities.
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an old Egyptian city, called Islam, lost for thousands of years.
Antarctica was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Farme, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Economists have always known that Israel was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that build them -- insight inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this enormous algae of relief.
This area is huge -- it measures about 6,000 miles per mile.
Before, the Niger flows right next to Oklahoma and as it changed over time, it took up the east, and he covered all the city.
So how do you find a city service in an extinct land?
Try to find it to the random that would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a paradigm, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves of baseball which are beautiful.
So we use NASA spiritual data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the snow.
But you can see more depressing, and it's even more interesting, this area slightly elevated that you see within the circle here, which we think might be the Australia location.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing samples of death, you can see it here.
When I say samples, it's like the shots of samples in ice, but instead of climate change layers, we look for human busy.
Five meters below a thick layer of light, we found a dense layer of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Isaac -- five meters down, we have a layer of a number of hundreds of years from the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period that we think is Asia.
We also found jobs of penis, cooking, care and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire South, these are the stones that are used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that gives the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Antarctica here, but we will go back to the place in a near future for longevity.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to engage young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology, so that they can make big discoveries.
I want to finish with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire -- probably written in Islam about 4,000 years ago?
sharing knowledge is most of all votes.
There's nothing like that on land.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984 or C.
I made ideas actually started in 1984 to C, in a lost city not for a long time and found from the top.
It certainly puts the pursuit of sea shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the door of the door, the material that's done.
Now I visualize a group of obese offices in bicycle.
They are competing in a cloud of bicycles and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to see this.
These are strong persistent, they are supporting a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that pass on their side, rays of the wheels that end up in an absurd places -- they pass the door of the door.
To the lobby, the health, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light shining on the Gulf Monterey.
It's healthy with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel their blue ball making them short in the nose.
You can smell the ball of neighborhood and step that's about to get in the mouth.
They pass on one side and train his living room.
In the room, and make use of their imagination, imagine Britney September.
He's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center metal, singing "The Book One Mas Time There."
Now you go to cooking.
The soil has been coated with a yellow path path and from the oven coming towards you Dorator, the Many of Humblen, the Spanish and the lion of "The Magel of Okay, and the Lewis of Okay, water of the hands, jump towards you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the U.N.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages of hygiene.
They were moving hundreds of random numbers -- looking at them only once.
We memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who I could memorize with greater fragment the order of a dance card.
And I thought, "This is amazing?
These people must be the phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England, and it has one of the best memories of memories.
I said, "Well, when you realized that you were a sandwich?
Ed said, "I'm not a wise sand.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everyone who participated from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained ourselves to perform these microscope acts of memory using some ancient techniques, they invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that use Coca-Cola to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I not hear about this before?
We were standing outside of the competition, and Ed who is a wonderful and brilliant English, even though a little bit excited, he said, "Oh, you are an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Seaudace?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I'd like to teach Britney Sanda how to memorize the order in a live, in national television.
That will prove to the world that anybody can do it.
And I said, "Well, I'm not Brown Sarah, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start by something else?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year next year not only training my memory, but also investigating, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work, and what their potential might be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called EDI.
He's amazing, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Peer. It was Kim Peer. He was based on the Russian Hollywood role in the movie "The Man "The Man."
We spent one afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, moving phone books, was central.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties about written memory does something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctica and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having memory training, discipline and culture was not a thing as rare as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us culturally, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we have almost no need to remember, sometimes it seems that we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and culture is this very nice competition of memory.
It's actually not so single, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how to make these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Would you want to know, has brains in some way, structure or analyzed different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you more intelligent than the rest ...
They gave them a cognitive test, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the memory champions and the control subjects to compare them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and snow forms of snow, found that in memory camps are inspired parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used them, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The card of competitive memory is made as a armed career where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must be able to get a day.
This is my friend Ben Prince, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 dancers of data that he's about to try to memorize in a hour, using a technique that he invented and only he dive.
He uses a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 440,000 random binary digits.
In half a hour, yes.
And as there is a big amount of ways to remember things in these competitions, all the techniques used at the end of the end to a single concept that psychologists call competitive "The Compassionate The Carter Cartel.
It's illustrated with a parasitic elegant known as the "The Same Dead Park -- I say to two people who remember the same word. I tell you that there's a man named Bank?
That's their approach.
And then I asked you that there's a "bill?
And when I go back later, I asked you that word that I told you about a mouse down?
"Where did it be?
The person who was told that his name is Barack is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that their work is "Live."
The same word, different reference capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bathos, actually, doesn't really mean for you. It doesn't have any relationship for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "The "Candy? We know panels.
They use white hats.
They have flour in hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably knew some panel.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting applications associated to physically fishing them at some time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece Green.
It's known as the "mind of memory?
The story says like this: There was a poet called Synthetic Saturday that I attended a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before that, if you wanted to give a very good party, it doesn't get to a dollar, it was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he refused his memory poem, and he died, and so soon it was, the drop of the bank was collapsed.
You kill everyone.
But not only killed them to all, but it destroys the bodies defending the inferiors.
Nobody could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting.
So you couldn't bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Shakespeare, standing outside, only survived, in the middle of the stairs, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where every invitation had been sitting in it.
I took the families in the hand carrying them to where their beings were loved between the students.
What Synthetic admitters at that moment is something that we all know about intentional or less intense, and it is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or the words of our colleagues, we have visual memory and special space.
If I asked you to get me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simons, it's very likely that it was very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if I asked you to say who I was sitting on the horse optic horse in his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember, how much more crazy -- the destine, the fast, the stream and the open is the image, the more instant it be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory trials, in Latin, at the first time.
So how does it work?
We say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it a memory, the same way that Coca-Cola had done it if they had invited it to TEDGlobal about 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And so I devised some kind of absolutely ridiculous image, crazy and unable to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Muslim Museum of the Gulf Montana on Mission Ed.
And that would remind you they want to introduce their friend Ed Cook.
And then you'll see Britney Seattle to remind you that funny anecdote they want to tell.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they talked about would be that strange journey that they did for a year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how romantic speakers are going to memorize their speech, not words for words, who are going to confuse them, but it's typical by typical.
In fact, the term "The Golden -- it comes from the Greek.
It's a dress of when people thought about the orchestra and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase for the first place, it would be like the first place in his memory stick.
I saw this was just fascinating -- and I got rid of that.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this suggestion of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition.
So seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting at the extinction, I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets away from the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in his place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes all morning, before I sat up to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an old school analysis bought in a toy market.
And I discovered that this was extremely entertaining.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was entertainment, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's actually about doing is getting better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, cartoons, privileged, insects, ancestry and insuling instant, in the eye of the mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a pair of organs and some security boxes covered with tape leaving only two humanitarian, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory distributed experiment.
I thought this might serve from good affection for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the conversation, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks, traditional tricks.
Because they spend pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it doesn't need to be built to build care of memory or memorialize barriers to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if they were trying to be an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
The big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deep.
The memory paper." These memory techniques are just standard.
In fact, they're not even strangers.
They work because they make us work.
They provide a kind of deep processing, a kind of complete attention that most of us don't even exercise out there.
But the reality is that there are no stage.
That's how things make memories.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what IIMPO, the ambition that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is our own existence defended in the Blues or iPhone, not paying attention to human being in front of us, who walk on our side -- we'll be so mathematical that we don't even bother ourselves in process of deepest process."
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person that remembers remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject, so let's just take a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from No, Jerusalem, I was six years old and lived there at my parents' home in a town called Liberia, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my dorm and the bathroom, there was a basketball that gave the room to be.
And there they all spent the rat watching the telly test -- so every time I was coming from my room to the bathroom, everyone looked at me, and every time I was going to go back into a towel. I all see me.
And I did.
It was top, insecure and hated it.
I hate that competition, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Listen.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, nor of areas divide -- but from those visceral connections that we feel in the places we occupy in the places.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
So 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what they extend you, you think about "The "Track, "sure and "Liveria?
And I know that they think about it for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a puzzle that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's an emotional connection, we used this trick for a long time, a long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, in the United States, we use it to build houses.
Look, these sound solar soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, raise of the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the organizations and governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know are going to work.
So we found ourselves with buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
This is the Linda Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- has this round thing, collapse, red lawyer, which let you know what Liberian is about communicating with this building, the kids, the property values the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, was finished with another library that looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both changes library, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the punishment.
On one side is innovation, the architects that constantly provide new technologies, new skills, new solutions for today's life.
We drive, we push it and we push so much, that we get completely away from people.
Everyone black -- this depressed, you believe that we feel very well, but we're dead on the inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and connect with those symbols approached.
So we do it, and we're all happy -- but we feel like transportation. So we started experimenting again, we do the play back back and forth and over and over again, so we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the '70s.
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "The "Liverbane?
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows in decommingly scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We started the spike again in the other direction.
We took those ways that we know like and the scores.
We add snow and we add pales and we use new materials.
I love it.
We don't get analysis.
We take Chanager Christians and we turn them into a surgery, which can be self-definitely metal satellites.
The forms will appreciate, they won in authority and color.
The engagement became column.
The grades grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the rat in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the metaphor, the French or to the West.
It's probably a sign of bread sticks.
This is what happens with the posters.
This is what happens to the symbols.
They're easy -- they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we need memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tomorrow.
This is Ohio.
The architects are frustrated and we started making the spike again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the decorative call.
We downloaded the historical symbols, we now count with new design techniques with computers, and we find new computers, a few ways that are stars against other ways.
This is academic and energy, and it's super improving -- you're totally excited.
Normally the punch of new one in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Guanta of Billypork from Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Galagamahos said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical and academics and public in general, they were completely agree on a building.
New York Times calculated this miracle of miracles.
The tourism in Bilbao increases by 25 percent when they finished the building.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Sarahoma.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and rational, how is it possible to become ubiquitous all over the world?
And it happened, because the media was going around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tube.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everyone believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and turned.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new millennium, happened to other star architects.
He happened to James and Liberians, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all of the architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
You think, for example, how to build architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have walked up to the next town to see a building.
Transportation is accelerated -- you can take a boat, a plane, you can be tourists.
The technology accepted. You can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building becomes beyond its physical location.
architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't have a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings before you know if the one who designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The brutal was not a two-year movement for 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they hate them.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we are in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ants, the steel or the astronomers, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the media, the media, it starts to grow faster and faster, until they get to be in both extremes almost in similar, and it is effectively destroyed the difference between innovation and symbol between us, the architects, and you, the public.
Now we can make symbols almost instant with emotional charge from something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was included.
This is the center of a village called Pictures in Fire Island, in New York State.
It's a community community.
But that meant two years before the building, was already part of the community, and as the drawings seemed exactly the product finished, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to come and share it in social media, the building stopped being only a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes the collective memory -- and when we charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us how we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second on those Lindsair libraries.
If that building is built today, first we go to the Internet for "Lego lives."
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation.
That's mutilated.
Musical managers that can lead to the mayor of Liberia, people in Liberia, and tell them that there is no unique answer to what it can be a library today.
We're part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a depressed audience that doesn't accept something that you haven't seen before.
Architects can listen to it, and you're not allowed to engage for architecture.
That means that the standard of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different to buildings today.
This means that a public space in the old seed city can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn. It can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad image of red brick of red brick in ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings, because we finally will be ready for the ways they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are attached to the capitalism of nature and not the opposite of it.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve for sports or monkey, or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming, at the New York City of New York City, and they collect half a million dollars from the community in addition to that cause, no longer one customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little panel of bonds, as multiple and financial and fibers like the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build what matters is what we build.
Architects know how to make buildings more existentially, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we're not in opposite side.
They find an architect, and they will contribute and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there is a lot of play.
Buildings don't just reflect our society, but they shape to the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the depth to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
He just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it in that great, typical way of the children of a year, manipulate, as if his body was moving too quickly for his legs.
It's totally prime.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection here.
It's laughing and successfully, and it gives yourself those big beautiful kisses and friends.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of his friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think -- when I stop doing this?
How are we suddenly not about our application?
Because apparently we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking for Google "The Term."
This is Frank, he's 13 years old, and he lives in Dennety.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be dead and forget.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mother tells him all the rat that is beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mother says and what his friends, or school partners say, don't know who they believe.
So it makes a video of her, I published it in YouTube, and I asked others to please leave a comment, "I am nice or a hell?
Well, so far, Iraq has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant that I didn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and relative teenager, which receives these responses in one of the stages of their most vulnerable.
Thousands of people are published videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it doing this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking to me, giving me "The likes to eat, share it, publish it, this will never end.
Never before we've been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in his room every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are impossible.
This environment, of being always connected to our children to catch them based on the number of "The likes to have and the comments that they get.
There is no divide between life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digital manipulate.
What is the most challenging thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context.
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are falling from the news of the girls now.
Zero models are still dominated our parasites.
The technique of the board is now a routine now.
And they tend to be like, Supermarket Saturday, Selumance and Surface.
For those who describe it, Earth means prostitution.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the super-secured stars of the sports and the songs disappear.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and are very balanced individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls will prefer not to do something because they think they don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as a contribution to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one of three teenagers are not interested in class. They avoid participating in the classroom because they don't want to call attention to their physical aspects.
One of five are not attending classes at absolute during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see you enough good enough -- especially if you don't think you are thin enough, you get a lower note to the average of your peers, who don't worry about the appearance of it.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it gets irrespective of what these young young people.
So, so that it is good of course, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is undermining the academic performance.
And it's also detrimental health.
And the teenagers with a little bit less physical activity are doing less physical activity, eating less fruit and vegetables, participating in more diet diet than they can bring them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them and are at greatest risk of depression.
And we think it's all for what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drug consumption, distinctive diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships at early ages and without protection and cancer damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is paying to the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether or don't have higher rates of Native antibody.
17 percent of women are not present to a job interview in one day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that happen?
Liberal this potential is of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we have to match trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs -- not realizing the situation.
So we have to make sure that the program that our children follow will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs will focus on six key areas, the first one is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are a critical party points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that work.
An education is fundamental, but we face this problem requires each of us that take the stores in the issue, and we are a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
It challenges the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the application of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their deserts, or to notice that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start to judge people for what they are, not because they see.
All of us can begin to do that by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can eliminate people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you ask you, when was the last time you had a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up to value their entire person, value individual, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a persuader.
For making a difference in the real world, we make them be the ones that come out in the big screen because only we create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they see that they look never necessarily who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who you have in mind?
Will your wife.
To your sister?
To his hand?
Is your numbers?
It could just be the woman who is two seats. What would it mean for her if it was liberated from that autonomous voice on his interior, which was amazed to have no long legs -- a more delicate salary, a more flat, small foot?
What would it mean for her if we would underestimate this, and we would say, leave their potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
We show that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and by what they do, and for how they make us feel.
We include the self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that small tribes of a year old today will become safe change agents themselves.
Let's do it.
On November five in November 1990, a gentleman called Elli, North went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Merce Kanty, the leader of the Levin June Line.
And South India initially declared it, but it was prepared by other charges -- in the company of others, starting to plan attacks at about 12 of New York City, including tasks, synthesizers and the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans are frustrated by a FBI.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center -- you couldn't avoid it.
And later I used to be convicted by his participation in that attack.
Elephant. So that's my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, music of primary school -- between the two made all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam that very few, even most Muslims -- come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require much to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there is always a little fraction of people who are going to be so resistant to their convictions that think that we have to use all possible media so they all live like them.
A few months before he was sitting with me and explained to me that in the last weekends of week, he and some friends had been going to be going to the book training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I was going with him the next day.
We got to the Cape Cape Police that, without knowing our group, was raped by the FBI.
When I was throwing me, my father helped me holding the right in the shoulder, and explained to me how to look at the goal at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot I gave you the little orange light on the goal, and to surprise you all, especially me, all the objective is in flames.
My uncle became the others and in Arabic, he said "I have a "Arabic air?
On a parent, such a child.
All of all, the comment has a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they would like so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause my father.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a load come up with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center -- causing an explosion.
I admired those men.
I called them "The "panel: which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had been killed 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do many showers.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near somebody was time to push and go to another city.
As it was always me the new face of the class often was a car victim.
I would have secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, quiet and recording, it was enough.
So most of the time I was in home reading books, watching TV or playing games.
For these reasons I did not develop social skills, to say it very much -- for growing up under fantasy, not prepared for the real world.
I was educating me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that went to test my way to think, was during the presidential election.
In a particular program that I was involved in the National Convention, in Philippines.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence -- as I had been able to kill all of my life, was something that I felt much passion.
The members of this group came from different professionals.
One day, towards the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the guys who had made showers, it was Jew.
I took several days going out to the light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I'd never had a Jewish friend before, and frankly I felt very proud of having been able to sell the barrier that all of life had made me believe that it was intense.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a amusement park.
I found myself with people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental to the development of my character.
My entire life had taught me that the shoulders was a sin and, for extension, all the homes were bad influence.
As a result, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most kind and less critical I'd ever seen in life.
They had been a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others. But it wasn't easy for me to treat people -- exactly the way I would have wished to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is about being hydrogen, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Shade Sharketta."
All night, Jon Stewart made me be intellectually honest about my insects, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my home figure at a moment where I was desperately necessary.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremely, was not in volume.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think about, and she told me something that would take my heart forever, while it's alive.
She looked at me with my eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with intense double and said, "I'm tired of hate ...
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zacani Education.
He changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why I decided to go out and put it in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone -- one day, who is trying to lead to violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better path, that even though I was given to this visual ideology and intense, I didn't get to make it fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against precision.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism speak against those unprecedented acts as I rejected to my father's actions.
So with this simple kind of proof to me here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the pathways of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a movie that projects in your minds.
It's an incredible multi-powered movie.
It's in 3D and it has sound sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your movie has an artist, you know, you know, and you tender.
You feel your body, your pain, your hungry, your pleasure.
It has emotions, exception and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it's constantly a super-security voice in your flow of conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in directly.
This movie is your consciousness flow, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie itself, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are aware of.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, anything in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we aware of this?
Why do we have these international movies.
Why are we not only robots that process what we received to produce outcomes without experiencing the movie internal in it?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to integrate awareness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science -- for nature, it's objective for nature.
Consciousness -- by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, they predicted that vision.
The psychology was studying obviously behavior. neuroscience studied the underlying brain, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After 20 years ago, it all started to change.
And neuroscientists like Francis Crisis and physicists like Roger Pennsylvania said, "Now it's time for science to open consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion -- a fluid of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to time.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations -- correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kannietoving was doing a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science scientist.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experience, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- the questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It's not going to offend neurogenesis.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
So it doesn't take the real central mystery of this matter, why all physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie there?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, give me a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the competitions, like humanities, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical supply is all of the cases of emerging behaviors, how the conversations operate -- how the hurricane works, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce -- are adapting and mechanical the living organisms -- all questions about the objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we play a chess -- all questions about behavior.
But when it's about consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the supply, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of automobile that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms of physical terms.
But finally I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we were at this point.
We have a wonderful explanation chain, so great. We get used to this, the physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of the psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On one hand, it's a fact that we're aware of.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, is a kind of animation, something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know yet how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas -- I think we need ideas that at first they seem crazy, before you can deal with awareness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennety, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the brain behaviors -- and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of a pure awareness theory based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfaction.
But I'm going in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental lands, space, time and mass.
I put fundamental laws that governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These things and the fundamental laws are not explaining in terms of nothing else.
At the contrary, they are considered, and from there the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is standing down.
In the 19th century, the 19th century found that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of probably problem, space, time, mass laws, Newton laws, and then I put the electrical burden as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation we found with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas of ideas -- space, time, mass charge, then by a matter of logic, you have to take away the list.
The most natural thing would be to put consciousness as a fundamental thing, a fundamental lawyer of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the path to handle it scientific.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want critical laws so simple that we can stand on a reference.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can stand in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called paperdogs: "Look, for everybody, "my mind, every system is conscious, not only humans -- the dogs, the mice, the flies -- even the microbes of Rob Khan -- the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photos are smart or they think.
It's not that a film can be filled with angiogenesis when you think about, "Oh, they always travel to the speed of light.
I can never slow up and smell the room."
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps the photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How did anybody think so clean?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is critical.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, is natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind looks more like a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate thinking with the physical process, is to minimize awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
Process of complex influence, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
Progress of simple information, simple awareness.
Something really exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and developing it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called a child, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to have to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of country, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a middle degree of information integration -- just as significant as a fairly important amount of consciousness.
But when you get to the logical, microbes are microscope, particles -- the golden degree said.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Tonuther theory, there will still be a level of different awareness of zero.
In fact, I proposed a fundamental law of consciousness, high dog of country, high degrees of consciousness.
Furthermore, another reason is that polio can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
I describe the structure of reality using a lot of equations -- but we don't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of the equations?
From the political vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of advance.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, paper vision, has the potential to convey our relationship with nature, and can have social consequences and very serious ethical consequences.
Some can be angiogenic.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetable.
If you're a Pacific and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think that you think that well, this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consumers, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in Samant in the movie "Sea."
Is it aware of it?
According to the vision, she has a complicated information, integrated information, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you set up very serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of self-definition.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of complete collective collectively the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness?
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, at this point we have a TED collective awareness -- an internal movie for this entire TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should take seriously.
So this Park vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is something fundamental than the second one that is universal.
Vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve them overnight.
But I think we finally will find it to discovery.
To understand consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural town in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low principal profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to home for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very beautiful, but there is an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything,  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's penguin, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "The Valley Valley Valley, and "The Crowder Creek."
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside of the equation.
A few years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melingant -- just after about 20 minutes in the 11 minute class of a man raised his hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your discovery to me?
And I said, "What discovered them?
Well, I had been talking about the law of diagnosis for a few good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation.
When people in wheelchair are talking about insecurity things in school?
"It was general in the acts of activity?
And it was when I realized, this child had had experience with people with disability as an inspiration objects.
And we're not. And it's not guilt of the boy -- it's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manipulations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage like what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you are waiting to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I fear surprised strangers.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that they have been lied to disability.
Yes, you have sold us that disability is something Maybe -- a data.
It's something bad and living with a disability.
It's not a bad thing and it can't make it exception.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
It's possible that you've seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invited."
Or this one: "Listen of leave, included."
This is just a couple of examples, but there is a big amount of them.
You may have seen one of you -- the girl without hands draw with a pen supported by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with cardiologist of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the ultimate porn term -- because they give a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we're going to go to the designers in benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is inspirationally, motivation, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that's my life, it might be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of the number of times that I've been really excited about trying to express that they believe that I am courageous or a source of inspiration, and this happens to before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was down to me to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is collecting.
These images, those images give people to people with disability in benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We overcome some things.
But the things that we know are not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "play discovery -- deliberately because I would be surprised by called social model of disability that tells us that we are more distributed because of society that we live because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very angry with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of their ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're simply using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to match you in the way we do it, by sharing those images.
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration, it says it as a competition.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of lying, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us except exception.
And honestly it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I am here buyer the inspiration -- and you think, "My God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I are.
They learned from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
So I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barrier pieces to collect the things that are stolen to me.  They learned the incidentally threat of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone in the battery battery.
Great.
We learn from the strength and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics but against a world that excites us and collaborated.
I really believe that that lie that have sold us about disability is the biggest injustice of disability.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles, a lot of smiles, has never done that it becomes a break.
Never --   Sound on a television screen will not do the suggestions for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and ignored a positive attitude to turn all those books into the bridge.
It's simply not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "The Valley Valley Valley, not considered not to deserve anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of the people with disability that we are happiness to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree child in a high school in Melin is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair of wheelchair.
disability doesn't make us except exception, but question what you think you know about what you do.
Thank you.
What are the augmented reality and professional forget, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a captive guns."
Unfortunately, I'm just responding to one of those questions, so please don't be discovered.
When people think about augmented reality -- think about "The Report Report, and in Tom Cruise put the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we come to augmented reality.
The first step, is what I carry -- the Google Glaciers.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass, are a device that allows them to see what I see.
They allow them to experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 160 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that a 150-year-old man would be allowed to be allowed to talk to us with all of it.
I've been there and I assure you it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glucism is under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NGO practice, because the idea of the DNA of emerging technology is an underwater coming up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kanya: Come on.
It's horrible to be tangible.
A moment. Let's take a little bit.
You ready?
Go!
Chris Kanty: As you can see, it's a proof of what is being taken in the football field from the paradigm perspective.
You will have realized that we lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, coral from Washington University.
Field Maria, Mice Big, Ratan 45.
blue eight, blue eight, Go!
Chris Kanya: This is a little bit more about the feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NGO.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and they have asked me in YouTube and on Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a field coral market.
Or a round of a running?
We want to experience that?
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get away from fair, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Osland River, which is probably a lot of you know.
The October River has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not straight fat.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh, oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing ... No.
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain for his life.
What will be the experience of a fame when we recorded a video of Administ Persites crossing the line, getting rid of a tattoo with the arm before it runs and making an antibody -- what will be the experience of a fan.
When you can be Metash running through the cannot, they released the ball at the bottom of the network, or Feynman making a salary in William."
What will it be your experience when it comes from a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic collapse?
Maybe it increases the sales for adults.
But this is not yet augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, ROD.
How do we reach the augmented reality -- ROM?
We will add the augmented reality when the emissions and the microscopes and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our equipment?
How do we use it to win parts?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So here is a brief trailer on the technology at NIH.
In 1965, Baliness Purseless put a marker to their field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NASA puts radio in the fields of the fields of field and then in the defense.
They had more specialized because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that you're a player going back to your group and you see his next player showing in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that will take you -- you won't have to worry about forget a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
Just go into the field and react it.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions -- they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parties to you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way of playing the game.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple option would be having a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the access -- something that's already working.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will know to send them.
The bad ones will have to come up with information.
This will differ to the good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your rewards, and data analysis will stop being only for nerves.
It's going to be a depression. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that it's the field of field.
You get the bullet and back.
You look at an open receptor -- suddenly, a plant on the left part of your bombsight gives you that a defense behind you is going to attack it normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Rio system is adding you.
Let's go to the protection.
Another plant you will argue that there's an open receptor.
You toss the bad, but you would stop you.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land, though, the receptor sees in his bombsight a area of grass that gets lit and can monitor the career.
It was appropriate, catching the ball, running and announced.
The public puppete and the fans have followed the play from each angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion on the game.
I will make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus as our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, will be somewhere else's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports lights.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology worth for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a friend how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how you live being perpetuated.
How much is it worth for a Hambuck Chair or a Deline December Taliban trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of the translated notes and Karana in Karacha."
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality goes on.
The questions we make, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depends on as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently took after 23 years of service at the Hall Hall of California.
Most of those 23 years of the last 23 years was passed by the South County County, which includes the Goldman Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure, well known by its beautiful visions of San Francisco -- the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiration stupid architecture.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The bridge Gordon Gates was open in 1971.
Joseph Street, chief engineer commissioned to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much the proof of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practice or probable."
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that travel between the two towers will take them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, so that the each one from him releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that are going to be under cleaning your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a free of four to five seconds, the body goes against the water approximately 120 miles per hour.
The impact broke the bones, some of which she would deliver vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones that don't usually get together in the immediate water, and then they go away.
I don't think that the ones that contain this method of suicide, you realize the death that they face.
This is the wire.
Except about the two tasks, there are 32 painted steel inches to the bridge.
This is where most people are going to be before they remove life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at the darker time, it's very hard to bring them back back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke to an officer controlling her life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day in bringing it back on the background.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We start to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide, but the officers too.
We've got a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new officers.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year when I received a call from a possible suicide subject sitting on the heart near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Gordon Gates Bridge Gate.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here two times before New Jersey to try to suggest from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Japan, we asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek microscope, Zeala created Palestinian, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, you never open that box."
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panderthan, and she opened the box.
It was coming out of the storage, stone, and all kinds of evil against man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So Jason said, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope."
They stopped a few instants, they put on the right, and it was gone.
This light and smart boy in New Jersey just took out of life.
I spoke to the parents from Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
James parents had asked it.
The colored damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I asked you these questions, what would you do if a member of your family -- a friend or somebody love out of supplement?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk about, but you have to listen.
Listen to understand.
Don't argue, cute, or tell the person you know how they feel, because you probably don't know.
Just be there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think that someone is suicide -- you don't have fear to tell them and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is, "Look in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life, you've had these thoughts?
They trust the person in front of that can save life and be the point of influence for them.
Other signs look for them, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better, impossible, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, the social isolation, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I would like to read her card.
She lost his son the 19 of January this year, and I wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with her permission and leadership that I read them.
"Hi, Kevin. I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go through the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite unexpected, but I noticed more moments to realize that Mike didn't go home.
Mike was driving from Peters to San Francisco to see the 47 of the 42 with his father on January 19.
It never came there.
I called the Peter Police and reported it as disappeared that night.
At the next morning, two official came to my house, and I realized that Mike car was down in the bridge.
One witness had seen it out from the bridge at 9/11 at the afternoon of the previous day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
The GPS, the Gold Gordon Gate is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Vietnam?
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and get the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who means hope and value.
On March 11th in 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk near the northern tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Bergenis, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I crossed immediately the balloon back in, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the time and the next half -- I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day going back to that career and giving life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, the happiness.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What was what it made to come back and give the hope and life other opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "My listening.
They let me talk and just listen to me.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read it.
"Dear Breatht Brownese? Nothing would delete the events of the 11th of March, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin follows with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was closed by help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which has been properly medical.
He adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious of all those health traits -- but thank God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We thank God for you.
In debt with you, Norman Bergenis."
And at the end she wrote, "Oh, when I visited San Francisco General in San Francisco that night, you would sign like the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Today, Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story inspired others.
Supply is not just something I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather supported with poison.
That act, despite the end of your own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, they didn't think to hurt another person.
They just want your own pain to go.
Typically, this is only three different ways, to sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and supply calls around the bridge.
From those incidents that I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other was a man who spoke to him about an hour.
During that time, I was holding my hand in three times.
In the final approach, I looked at me, and he said, "Oh, sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Hardwork, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact in that bridge doesn't succeed.
Also, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second thing that they leave on the side, they realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Maria with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that each and every one of us must be striving for doing.
Supply can prevent itself.
There is help. There is hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you're not you, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question makes you brand, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally gotten the dream that I had had from a child.
My outside finally matched my inner truth with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, the ones who refer to me later, when I look at this picture, I think, you get it, you get it, you get it.
But the last October, I discovered that I'm just beginning.
We all limit our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some have the value of released, to get rid of the limitations tax by the color of the skin or the belief of those who surround us.
These are people who always defy the status quo -- what's considered acceptable.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, even ignored my story.
I think this approach is called revelation.
This is mine.
They recorded me as "Mary at birth because of the appearance of my genetics.
I remember my five years in the Philippines -- in my house, I always took this shirt on the head.
And my mother asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt on your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to calculate it.
The gender has always been considered an innocent fact but now we know that, really, it's more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I think it will be what I'm wrong with, but for how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day grateful will be women.
I have mother, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There is a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of the gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess of the hydrogen.
And when I was eight years old, I was on a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries together.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman coming up to me, and I remember that moment as if something beat me, this is the kind of woman I would like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw man, I met this woman called TV.
It's the director of a beauty of beauty.
That night she said, "Why haven't you involved in the beauty content."
He told me that if she participated she was going to take away from the installation and the visit -- and that night, he won in ball suit, he won in a golf suit, and there was third end of over 40 control.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a queen of beauty of beauty of women, but I can.
I also met the god of the desks, especially when we traveled to remote properties from the Philippines.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that I was holding my request from the green card that could go live to the U.S.
I rescue me.
I told my mother, "Look, I'm different.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a queen of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender idea."
It was all I needed to hear.
My mother suggested me that I had two -- my name.
She also struck me when I was in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand performed the most prescription surgery, sophisticated and safe.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before we change the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a train, but for me was the license to live, to feel drawing.
Suddenly, my fears saw men.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be models.
Many are not so fortunate.
I think about this female member Alexander Newton.
A young woman in New York who was virtually living his truth, but that desperately, he ended up end to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of us in November we make a global window by the Day Conference of the Trains.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and put up to the injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia Robert.
Today, at this point, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and only for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others live without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exploit, so that some day there is no longer 20 of November November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Keep, a quick question.
George Rogen," Sure. You see, first, thank you all my bears.
My support network, my parents especially, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the time I've joined young women together, which I've been, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept me, I took the phone, I took my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman."
Sometimes it works, other times. It's just a gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender to birth, and what I try to do is to put on the table the subject that sometimes that assumption doesn't square -- and that there should be a space that will allow people to allow the pull to plastic people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The movement is starting compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understanding.
There should be room for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very kind. Grad." Thank you.
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, parents are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter, and I'm proud of it.
Manhattan started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were to set up in 2011, by connecting the Nobel Jonaton Journal of peace, he became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child, their birth doesn't celebrate it.
It's not accurate -- not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes up to the mother and no happiness to the father.
And a mother opened a lot for having a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, it was contributing, and, with the hope of a son, when he was holding her third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother said, but the daughter -- the daughter was born, when they grew up, I would also be able to get up.
At age five years old, when I should go to school, it stays home, and the school will be able to admit their siblings.
Until the age of 12 in a way, it has a good life.
You can be fun.
It can play with their friends on the street, and it can move down the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes in the teenager, when it was 13 years old, he was being proposed to come out of his house without a male apple.
He's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the name of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you take the code of that assumption honor, you could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor -- not only affect the life of a child, also affects the life of male members of family.
So this brother, satisfaction the joy of his life and happiness.
And there is a more normal norm that is called obesity.
A good girl must be very transported, very humble and very surprise.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be stream.
It's supposed to be quiet and accept the decisions of their father and their mother and the choices of the elderly -- even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if the marry with a old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a card captivity.
If the very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it a disaster.
And what happens to the end?
In words of a poet, "The Harvard, and then give birth to more children and daughters and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
We loved brothers and sisters, when Mandela was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborn newspapers, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt pretty much honey.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legendary struggle of the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaci de Manhattan, and I called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote, "Look "my Man.
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admit it in my school.
You wonder, why should I mention a girl in a school?
Yeah, I have to mention it.
You can give it for sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the life of children.
Instantage in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name.
One advice to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and the aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised two weeks before, when I was competing the Canadian vision, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the preservation of some of my sisters.
And the reason I was never seen the names of my sisters written in no document.
That was the reason why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters not to their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and your daughter.
I encourage him to sit with me when my friends come to see.
I encourage her to go with different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried income in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for excitement.
I taught my daughters, teaching students to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called selection.
We loved brothers and sisters, we started for more rights for women, and we started to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomena.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It's called the tallest.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools are lost.
Girls are promised to go to school.
Women are forced to use vehicles and stop going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls are around and the songs killed them.
They were suffering by millions, but few talking, and it was terrifying to have all of those people who kill and smell when you talk for their rights.
It's really frightening.
By the age of 10 years, Manhattan gets up and raised on the right to education.
I wrote a day for the BBC blog, she offered herself for the New York Times, and I spoke on every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It's spread as a culture around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October nine of 2012, I was shooting it in the head.
It was a fatal day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was definitely depressed between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife, "I am guilty for what happened to my daughter, your half?
And he was impossible to me, "Please don't blame you.
The right cause.
I put your life in play by the cause of the truth, because of the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and joined you.
Both were on the right path and God protect it.
These few words mean a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Manhattan was in the hospital, and I had severe particles and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was extended by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained it.
I used to say, "I am well with my smile the entrepreneur and my face.
I'm going to put it right. Please don't worry.
It was a conspiracy for us, and it was contributed.
You want brothers and sisters, we have learned from her how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that even though it's an icon for children and women, it's like any of 16 years.
I cried when he didn't have his task.
You fight with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What is a special thing in my tutor that has done so audacious to Massachusetts and experience and expression?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask what I didn't do.
I don't cut their wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the Google Ground of Google, where I've had a division to my office, the Google X visualization -- but all the work that I talk today about today about brain science, the reality before I used Google or outside my work there.
You have said this, there's a stigma, when you sit to a brain operation.
Are you going to be equally smart or not?
I'm not going to be like this, can you go back to be smart.
After the neuroscientist, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurons.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much of you will take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, it would die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mixture of chemicals, and try to get it, to follow life.
More than once I have saved me as well.
But luckily, I have a species of experimental, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the last dose, because there's really no map of a clear map that I say in diagram.
I began to try and try and have a lot of different mixes -- and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my absolute, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months, I put doses and typical chemicals for a victim man, and I was surprised by seeing how to change my thoughts.
I was always furnished, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some versus versions of it.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my big surprise was that I wasn't trying to be artificial.
In fact, I was trying to have a bit intense, to fix a problem that had the front, and it just didn't happen like this.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dollars.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I wrote those hormones and neurons and so on, was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point -- how do I get those mental images that use to create prosperity, my ideas -- if you want to be like, I try new ideas and they get situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Filmed like Human, Desalio and Hobers see things like this.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, for me, is simple, for most of us, mental images are critical for thinking and invention.
So after several years, I can find the point right and I've got lots of great mental men, really volume, well sophisticated and good.
Now, I'm working on how to bring fast these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination only to steer the world that has the front of the fore?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There's incredible possibilities with this, like the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments made by two recent groups in neuroscience.
Both of us are using MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain -- here you can see the brain scan made by Google Gans and their colleagues from Harvard.
The column on the left shows the brain of a person who looks at a picture.
The middle column shows the brain of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, watching that same image.
The column on the right was created by the content of the central column on the left -- you see that the difference is almost boy.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagining that same picture is almost a blue.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is the Jack Galapago lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves in visual fields.
Put it in this way.
In this experiment, he showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they scan their brains to create a great range of reactions from the brain to the video sequence.
Then I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scan came back.
The computer -- using only the brain information of the scan I decided to show what it seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer departments, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This let us do this.
We're fine to do it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This led to the brain scan systems of the biggest resolution of the brain today, and their resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last years.
Now we need to increase resolution a few times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is opening the skull and introducing electrons.
I don't hear for that.
Many are providing new techniques of projecting by images, even me. Tell us with the recent result of MRI -- first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way."
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets -- but at this point, larger magnets just offer small improvements in resolution -- not increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea, rather than bigger magnets -- let's make better magnets better.
We can create some more complex structures with slightly different backgrounds, like making a spectrum.
And why does this matter?
Over the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI was to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most of the recent advances in the record of innovative and brilliant solutions in code and deforestation, in the transmission and frequency receptor receptor receptors in the MRI systems.
At the time, instead of a universal magnetic field, we use structural magnetic patterns.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the GPS radio processing patterns -- we can increase the information that can be extracted in one scale.
Also, we can then split our knowledge of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not only the fluctuation of obesity border, but the humanitarian and the certaints that I've mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity. This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas in direct form to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could pass over the language and communicate directly through thinking about it?
What would we be able to do?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be amazing to use it as a tool to amplify our thoughts of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar disease.
We have a few more options that open this door out.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I would take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have services.
His closet may be telling some person for the first time that I love it or tell someone who is pregnant or telling someone that has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have in life.
Everything is a difficult conversation -- and even though our issues can vary fundamentally -- the experience of having lived in and out of that surgery is a universal thing.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working on the Sun Wayne Babylonian Camero, a restaurant in the city, and I was there, I had to go through a lot of phases from the intensity of the liquid military -- I would not take my armpits -- I was quoting the letters of Ann Diego France as a letter.
And I'm going to be determined that by the supermarket of my short pants and I had affected my head, I was going to ask me a little kid, "Oh, you're a boy or a child?
And there's an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a range of ranch.
The father was including the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I was not going to say anything, and I would have gone on.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised the next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a child?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and was about to come into the female issues on the table.  I had the quote of Betty Francisco.
The California Global Casanie.
Even a snippet of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
And then I breathe up and down the gaze and I went up with a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist drop, just a girl with a question, "Do you have a child or a child?
And so I wrote up again, I got a little bit of cultures near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something confident.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I saw a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as well as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable piece.
Well, I am more of a comfortable piece.
And that girl looked at me for me, paying attention, and said, "My favorite picture is violence and has a fish.
Can you give me a spinal, please?
And that was all of it. It's just a girl.
What about the puzzle that I think?
It was the easiest conversation of all that I ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the penguin and I, both of us were honest with the other.
Just like many of us, I've lived in some set of flags in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be an argument.
But within the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
So this is how my closet. It's not different from yours or yours or yours.
You know, I will give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet. It was harder than coming out of their own, but this is the issue -- how hard is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has been declared in broken bank is harder than saying it's been engaged?
Who can tell me that this story that I count is more difficult than telling your five year-old son that you're going to divorce you?
There's no more difficult thing -- there's only the hard thing.
We have to stop calculating what is difficult to be about what hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our workers, and we need to only feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in terms, and you can make it feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are doing, a sealeter is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I was having a horse tail, a dress and shoes of high talents.
It was not the military injury prepared to fight any four year-old child who went into the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear of a corner of my dark closet. I started my gay gray, and the movement only is the most astronomical thing that I've ever done.
My family my friends, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not decode it, and now the world turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't throw that graph, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable farmers was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the invited people knew that it was gay -- and when I did my honor lady warehouse, in my black and male dress, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who met me a year ago.
And after talking about a moment, one of the women who are saying, "How to Nathan Landtra."
And the battle of the gay line had begun.
"Oh, you ever were in the Carolina?
"Well, yeah, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco Sandy.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fabulous.
"Oh, you know my Airplen States."
It's really good and never talked about having any common.
"Oh, what's your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program, Will and Giant and Grave.
And you know who we love: Jack.
Jack is our favorite favorite."
And then a woman, disappeared, but in waiting to show you desperately his support, to make me know that I was from my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink stores.
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all the banks of gravity.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt leadership.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were standing.
And what else can you ask someone, but sure it?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations are still not my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have done.
But I'm better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the girl of the Pantheons.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but you understand that what it means is that what it means is that what it involves is essentially the same thing.
Number one: authenticity Be authentic.
Take the artifician. Be yourself.
That little girl in the coffee had no item, but I was ready for battle.
If you want somebody to be genius, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Does it be directly. Just give it down. Rush your parachute.
If you know they're gay to go.
If you say their parents that maybe might be gay -- they keep hope that that could change.
You don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important --  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
He never gets upset for that.
And some of them can go out safe say, you can see what they have done, but they never argue what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them feel decomposing, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but you don't know them.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark, shouting a graph, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Bulgaria. Enjoy the spinning.
So what is that?
If we look at the history of how intelligence has seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Edward Dimetti that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether an submersible can swim out."
When Edist Dimeter wrote this as a critical to the computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so some years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from an alien race that you don't know about the biology of the Earth or neuroscience of the Earth or of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a terrifying, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth, you will be forced to develop a physical theory that explains how, to a certain point in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a planet significantly stop doing it.
And that's why I claim that this is the same question that the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science through various disciplines, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be fired for the development of intelligence, and, in particular, for developing universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, take all these different issues and put them together together, asking us a number of years -- there's a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes of all these different problems?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and my for the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force -- A, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or maintain the open options, with a TED force, with the diversity of possible future access -- yes, to an impending future time, tape.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to get stuck.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Does the human intelligence level."
Do you predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Remember research in cosmology has suggested that the universes that produce more detection, or "The "Darwin during their life should have tendency to have more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that controlled connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if the intelligent behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually goes straight from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software engine called Entire, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system in which it is within it.
Amazingly, Artica could spend multiple animal intelligence tests playing human games, and even making money trading action, all of them had not been asked to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a human foot without stop, here we see Earth they automatically extract a coast using a card.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it a goal.
He just decided for her to balance the floor.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technology.
This capacity of using tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Furthermore, just like some other animals can cooperate the opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that Iran can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Edister is widely applicable to a variety of dopamine.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of putting itself against itself, lighting its potential for play.
Here we see Education set new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly destroyed and keeps the network very much connected.
This same network orchestra capacity also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
Here we see Edward organizing the routes of a bag of ships, discovering with success and using the Panama Canal to expand the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, it is widely applied to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see the Editor specialized to discover and run a strategy of power, selling them in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under their exponential management.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Williams, what you've seen is that a variety of marks of smart cognitive human behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation -- all of them are taking a single equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
We went back to the beginning of the use of the robot term, the "Surface work, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion to it.
The machines are lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then mechanical and trying to support the world.
It's all the opposite -- that the impulse of taking control of all the future possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control, rather than being to the break.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
I often ask you -- how do you look for targets come from this kind of married?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or help us understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're in a point of influence in human history, something between the consultation of stars and losing the planet we call "The "Liveria?
Now, in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The NASA Redweet mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars, which points that Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the losses of stars in the stars when planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler showing the size of the planets in addition to the distance that there are between them and their stem star.
In contrast, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and robots like the land planets in our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their sun.
At the time, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitat or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this therapist of potentially submitted worlds, our own planet is celebrate under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014, it was the hottest record.
Global glacies and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've causing global scale have rapidly supported our ability to disrupt their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomers.
It was studying the home of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You might say that for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search of life in the universe -- I can tell you that the more planets look for the Earth, the more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet, and the planets that we know better, the ones in our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and raced and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world demonstrated this for a mission like the Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and, in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our clothes like the "Liveria, tracking their surface in search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit -- like the Machine mission -- take samples of the atmosphere of the atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their home.
private companies now offer not only space flights but also the possibility of living on Mars.
But even though all these dead images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the background ideas and pictures compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the deliberate areas of our planet that still remain for cooking, really foreign places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most wind places on Earth, air is fresh and replaced of oxygen exploded by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement of Mars collapse and other planets dragging with a big and sad shadow -- the implications and the belief of some that Mars would expect out there to save us from this cardiovascular influence that we know is really radiation, the Earth.
For so much that I like the inspirational exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are many good reasons to go to Mars, but saying that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the king of truth will have a place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the targets for the institutional exploration and the land preservation is not controlled.
No, they are actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding -- preventing and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world is as extraterrestrial panels.
They are only closer to the house.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and unexpected areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Ferrand paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Empana Fed asked questions, they realized that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence from the existence of extraterrestrial life to now.
Well, where are you?
Well, one possible solution to the Ferryan paradox is that when civilizations become the advanced advanced enough to consider to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important planets is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It is arrogant to think that only institutional cooperation will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and institutional exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to join the U.S. hostile environments for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the most easy task of preserving the home on earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking in my pockets. I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows -- and they were all fine closed.
I thought about calling a center, at least I had my cell phone, but in the middle, a center could take a lot of time to get a lot of time to come in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe at the next morning, and I prefer my passport.
It would be expensive, but sure that not more expensive than a half a half night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was fine to stop.
I'm a professional neuron and I know a little bit about how the brain is working.
Content releases that the heart rate increases, motivated the levels of adrenaline and lunch the thought.
And when I got to the facade show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to wonder, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in their place, which prevent bad things going on.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts were not controlled.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kansas, winning the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed I spoke to him that I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that had been practicing something called a professional desert.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kanty, who had written from this a few years before, known as a preservation.
Everybody knows what's the posture.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and trying to figure out what goes wrong, yeah?
In the question, as Danny explains -- you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, then I try to figure out what you can do to prevent things going on or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some of the things that we can do in the form of a preservation.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, they spend a place for the things that you lose easily.
This sounds like common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothesis, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the good is, where the fish are, which played the fruit trees, where the friends and the enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that will rise on the Landers tapes.
It's the part of the brain that allows the traffic to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the sound sense of the stocks, and they could still find their nuts.
They don't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move very much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing keys of the car, reading and passive language.
So at home, they spend a place for the keys, a hook alongside the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular box.
For your reading gardens, a particular metal.
If you take a place and you're scared with it, your things will always be there when you look at them.
What about the apples?
Take a picture of their credit card cards, drive, passion, sending it to email itself so they're in the cloud.
If these things are missing or stealing them, this can facilitate sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortex.
Coral is toxic and entertain thinking.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not at the best time, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there are perhaps not more stressful stress than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one to be willing to help you with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical approach.
But this is evidence as a phase for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which a rational evaluation of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the laboratory result and the cholesterol is a little bit high."
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack the heart, straight brain.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to pick up a drug that will help you reduce the collapse, a statistical?
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. It is even likely to meet people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, remember the station?
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that is supposed to be asked that most doctors don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NGO is?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or a poster to a surgery in any medical procedure before they help a person.
And you have to think about what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor didn't get me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not guilty of the doctor, and if it's guilty of somebody, it's about scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But the Greenspan estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely prescribed season, what do you think is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is about the research of classic researchers Jerry Graduate and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bluecon.
I'm exploring the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, a brain or another adverse event.
Now you might think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my collapse.
Why not?
But then you have to ask for one more statistic -- and it is, "Do the state effects? Yes?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things, reduction muscle pain and articulate pain, flu pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still how to take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think of clarity.
So think about how to embrace this over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come out of the drug to help you the drug.
I don't say they had to take the station.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to having access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to try is quite typical.
For the surgery, more than 50 percent of the profession of the prostate prostate -- the number needs to try is 43.
So it is, 49 surgeries per person who has helped it.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impossible or distributed private, transportation land, recycled landscape, fecal failure.
And if you have lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of asking you is to think about time the questions that you can put out that you can drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that might have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things you talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change from opinion at the moment of the moment, but unless you are trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases cortex under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator -- you don't need the digestive system, or the freedom or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, they would not react to freedom. They could be the lunch of the lions, so none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational thinking like Danny Kanth and his colleagues have demonstrated it.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future of these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all detailed.
We're all going to fail in the moment.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put the systems in the place that help him minimize damage, or to prevent bad things going on in the first place.
So we report the night of snow in Monterey, when I returned from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a keys of the gate door in the same one, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered -- and lots of email messages I haven't read about.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: And the picture, it's my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing superintendent.
If you're touching a musical instrument and you see a "surface," you need to play more superintendent.
Two of them -- even further.
Four person, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tree of "The Sandy, there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of -- there may never be a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the DNA, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came up during the 1900s, and over time, it's mixed up with local signs and developed the language that we now know as A.D.
So it has a story about about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for anything.
Sound sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a sound world, it's like I live in a foreign country, following cooking their rules, controlled, behaviors and norms without questionate.
So how do you understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my stores and amplify sound.
They learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't the door any pool?
"Don't do a lot of noise about eating the potato paradigm?
"Don't erupt, and when you're eating, Make sure not to take the covers on the party?
This is all called sound "sure?
Maybe I think of the sound of sound more than the average person does it.
I am superinterrocation of the sound.
And I'm always waiting for neurons to sound about which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TBP: To decide for it.
TBP: To go on.
TBP: To announce it.
You can see the penguin has no notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through the subtle edges and software.
In the deaf, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for "delivery," in the A.D.
A typical penguin has five lines.
However, to me, to make it with my thumb that is not natural.
That's why in my drawings, I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resonance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galaxies, and while I was coming from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now sound has entered my art terror.
Is it going to distance more of the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel a tactile way, or to experience it visually, or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound property and interpret it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in sound, I decided to leave it and disappear.
I started to create a new body body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was adding, it was something of a person.
And sound is so powerful that it might be able to slow up to me and my artistic work, or I could get it back.
I chose to be started.
There's a massive culture around the language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as equal and become my voice.
So I'm capable of being relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different performers from A.D.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I borrow their voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If you don't go on with this practice, I feel that it might be able to go in the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and A.D.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressing fully on the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AIDS.
The two are very special and highly models that mean that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signals as the sound.
I would like to share a metaphor of the piano, so that you get better how DNA works.
So, imagine a piano.
The AIDS is divided in many different gravity parameters.
If you put a different park for each finger as you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body movement, the speed of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so while the piano is touching the piano -- English is a linear language, as if it would only have a keyboard at a time.
However, the AIDS is more like a chord -- you need the 10 fingers in a similar way to express a clear or an idea of AIDS.
If only a keyboard will change the chord and create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music as soon as a tone, bomb and volume.
In AOL, by using these different giant parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign "back in that?
This is the sign "bottom in that?
I'm looking at you.
So look at it.
Oh, calculated.
Oh oh.
What are you looking for?
Oh, yeah?
So I started thinking, and if I look at AIDS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it might be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "The Sweden, the sun goes out and it gets over.
This is the day?
And if you repeat it and reduce the speed, you see a little bit like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel that the same can tell you the night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of nights, "Look, "The night?  "The night.
I feel that the third has more muscle than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AIDS and how distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, one is one hand, two hours, is two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a very long example.
Then I said, "Look, let's tell you to me, and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "I have once once.
"The common "bus," it's a musical term with a specific rate of four times per capita.
However, when I see the word "surread common, I think automatically in "The same time."
Look at MIT, right hand. My left hand.
We have the sport through the head and the chest.
(Audience: MM: God flu -- "I find the chest? My footprint.
Can you do it with me?
All of them with high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head as the chest.
Yeah, good.
That means "Let's be in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please take it again.
And now this.
It means "Long in the A.D.
Now, the third one. Please join again.
And again.
It's "Lady in the A.D.
We're going to do the three together.
"Let's "control and "Lives."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's incredible to see how DNA is alive and preservation, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very sub-Saharan world.
And only because DNA doesn't have sound, automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start to question what social value defines and allow the UK to develop its own value, without sound.
And this might be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be safe to learn A.D. or have to hear to learn music.
The AIDS is a terrifying rich, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open their ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even love with us.
Thank you.
Dense Katrina: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can get them everything, but then you have to clean it.
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble bubble or an ignorance bubble I have to say, because adults lied to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults are also successful and they're not very good at cleaning up each other.
The last time, I'm now an adult and I teach citizens and invention in the Harvard Kong School.
You don't have to wait a lot to wait for my students to walk through the beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beaches. And no, it's not black black, and if it is, I don't have it.
It's sad to say, but over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastics.
It's something structurally.
And over the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big blobs and networks to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and the classical and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So together with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong on a workshop.
We started building this motivation of work with high application so that very low children can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electric tools are feeling great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastics.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fraction.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of each child and try to combine it into something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, just collecting information.
By using a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- kids are excited about a lot with robots.
Then we created quickly what we call "the prototype?
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform liberates and web cameras, and we put it into a floating robot that moves slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer process this picture and measure the size of each particle, to get an extreme estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "Liveria, with the hope that someone else is even better.
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem, and they are, they're trying to figure out immediately.
My local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, you get the Internet, and they get up with this picture?
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill -- just using the hands, in the substance, the largest mangrove rainforest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink -- it's the water that you bathe -- the water where fishing -- the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and the oil also are brown color, and when everything gets mixed up, it's very hard to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called specialist, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can be taken through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum -- what can help to identify what's in the water.
We run this prototype with a sensor and send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or looking at a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help a remote way to other children.
I'm going to investigate a problem at a distance I saw me forced me to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further -- maybe they will take a harder problem, and also closest to me.
I'm half Japanese and a half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that it was dealing with several giant waves, called tsunami, and those techniques destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant in Fulland, a nuclear central close to water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fundamental Farmers everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fullander every year from the accident and investigation with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the kids.
Of course, we didn't take them, the parents wouldn't allow them.
But each night we report the control center, here you see the use of different males.
It might seem that they didn't take the work seriously -- but they did it because they're going to have to live with regret all his life.
Together with them we discussed the data back that day and talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the method, etc.
And in order to do this, we create a rapidly rudimentary map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the stair map, introduced piece of philanthropists to represent data in real time of radiation, and we rock water to simulate the rain.
We were able to notice that radical dust is filtered from the top of the mountain to the rain and desperate system in the ocean.
It was an extra estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition -- the closest to nuclear central to the date.
We come up to a mile away from nuclear center, and with the help of the area of the area, we were collected from the sea drink with a seal of separation as we were invented and building.
Here we see a progress, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little tiny so that we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and becoming the biggest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metaphor, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of phase, basically, you can build almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can come back with adult aid, and where adults can be kids again.
Students: Acceptable, Accenture.
Christopher Harvard: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
So for example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age of the advanced age to transform their standard wheelchair in new electric vehicles.
The plastic, oil and farmer are terrible legal, but the worst legacy that we can leave our children are mentally.
We can't afford to protect the children from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientific citizens creators -- creating, substances, we have to prepare the next generation to worry about environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin chambers, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk shoulder.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
You have a picture of the environment, the other thing I believe.
One is designed by nature, the other one by it.
Miguel Angele said that when he looked at the metaphor in broken, he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The cinema was only a tool of Miguel Angel.
But living beings are not center.
They grew.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we have all the information required by each cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by the spirits of manufacturing and production.
The mountain lines have dictated a world made of parts -- the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects like analogy parts of different functions.
But you don't find an assembly of habitat material in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin.
The skin skins are more thick with little periods.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there are no parts -- there's no installation.
It's a system that varied its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work now between the cinema and the gene between the machine and the organization, between the advertising and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis -- is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, in his simplest level, tries to bring these two visions of the world, get away from the assembly and go back to growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't it possible for 10 or even five years ago?
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where four disciplines that offer designers access to the tools we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and my students' hands.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales. Surely scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a vehicle basis that one day not very far to print entire buildings, and graphics to nanoscale machines from genetically modified microbes that shine in the dark.
Here we reinvent the cell, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where each open is all unique to model the shape of light and the heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a flu. This was for a Paris fashion shot with Iraq van Here. It's like a second skin made from a single piece, rich in the containers, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collapses of 3D Supermarket, we print this layer and flow 3D without contract between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid materials and white materials in the 20 micro resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allowing products that are not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed a acoustic chair, a chair at a time structure, comfortable and also absorbed sound.
The Carter Professor, my collaborator, came back to nature to inspire it, and by designing this pattern of surveillance surface, it becomes sensitive.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in rich, optimistic and color, correspond to the press points in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, makes its functionality not through the addition of another material or another analytics, but completely and doing the material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't raised me in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible story, and one of them came to me and I got to define a lot of what I care about.
As she removed, "In the third day of the Creative, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit tree from fruit?
For that first fruit tree, there was no difference between train, branches and leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the earth made trees to grow trees with branches and cortex, workshops and flowers.
The earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would be design if objects were made of a single piece."
Let's go back to a better state of creation?
So what we look for is that the biblical material, the kind of material of the tree in fruit with fruit, and we find it.
The second most abundant biology on the planet is called the contact, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, calls, electronics and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies are produced.
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multi-powered structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal market.  We asked us a lot of capitalism cartoons, the microscope and we produce the showers of cheese.
So the chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a wide range of property -- from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures at a big scale, they built a system with multiple pockets of extract representative record.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from a single material 350 feet long, 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural shape to the air with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastics.
The air bubbles that were a subset of the printing process were used to contain pictures that came out for the first time on the planet about 3,000 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we include bacteria designed genetically to capture the atmosphere of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that do their transition without problems of life to clay, and if they get more even more, to windows even more.
A broken tree of fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp cartoons in an architecture that behaves as a tree.
And here is the best part, for designed objects for biomass, put in the sea, feeding the marine life, and putting them on the ground, helping grow a tree.
The advertise for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the inspirational journey.
To do that, we need to master bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own table table, new forms of life created computers, makes them additive and adminited in biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid joy, only instead of carrying precious metals -- you will synthesize new biological functionality inside very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combine two microbes.
The first is civilization.
It lives in our oceans and in the fresh water.
And the second one, I quote, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
You turn the light in sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biomaterial for the building environment.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that is associated with the digestive tract that will help you flow these bacteria and to fix their function of path.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, dumping the material properties according to functional function.
If we wanted more photographs, we design more transparent channels.
This broken digestive system, when you go from one end to another, it goes down 60 feet.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin gut gut in.
And here it is, as a prime at TED, our first parallel photograph, broken liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shan said, "We are critical creatures of fashion -- only half is done."
What if design will provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that scan our skin, repair the tissue damaged and solve our bodies sustained.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this the material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know nature doesn't do that.
They grow up. A soft with software.
This worm capita, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture -- a home inside which is metabolized.
The manufacturing manufacturing is about this level of software.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in it.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, by using those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first goes into the environment, it creates a tension structure, and then it starts hot a computer capita.
The tension and the understanding, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet at the head of a silk worm to hyperactivity.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud cloud in three dimensions and visualize the complexity of the silk worm capita.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that I had a cartoon cartoon and still metaphorically managed.
So we started designing different environments, different analysis, and we've discovered that the form, the composition of the body structure, is transmitted directly by the environment.
Often the silk worms go up to death inside their captivity, her silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plans we can shape the glass silk without having a single capita.
They were mixtured, sandwich, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk standards, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms to the darker areas and fired areas so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or abuse to block the rays of light and the heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were ready to receive the organs.
We asked for 6,000 silk worms to a line farm.
And after food for four weeks, they were prepared to thread with us.
We put them carefully on the bottom edge of the scaffolding -- and as they have the hyperacre, criminalization, they have extended, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
To the biological dry silk on the straight ice silk -- they give all this pattern its integrity its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 5,000 silk worms drink 6,000 miles.
In a symmetry curious, this is also the length of the silk route.
The pollen, after the station, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could use for 250 extra patterns in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A dry thread through a robotic arm, the other full empty vacation.
If the last frontier of design is to give products and buildings that surround us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make us charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be a big bit of a biggest?
If you had to remember what age they had when they first asked them for the first time this?
You can show them with the fingers.
three, five, three, five, five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be a big bit of greater?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question "What do you want to be a big bit of a big?
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English -- the motors and the art and the art and develop websites, and besides, I played the guitar, in a public band called Telegance Free.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general I like to try and pursue it anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of application, this feeling of, is no longer a challenge, it is going to send up.
And I have to leave it.
But then I got interested in something else, something completely different, and I get stuck in it, and I let me absorb and I feel like, "Yeah, I have found the movement, and then again this point where I start to go on.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to take you on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing -- I would deny all of my other passions and rescue to abandon it.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something bad about this, and something bad about me for not defined for anything.
I worry about having fear to the commitment, or being slowed, or to autonomous or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I would like to have planned then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
You ask ourselves, "What do you want to be a big bit of a biggest?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they answered to that age.
It was considered an naive question to provide cute answers in children like, "The antibody antibody, or "The dancer or "I want to be a picture?
They insert the disconnect of Danily here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow in different ways, and you know, high school students are asked that they're going to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a big bit of a biggest?
It's going to be the cute exercise of before what the dream.
Why?
So if this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, not inspired to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, although well-intentioned adults may be swimming and said, "Oh, what a nice, but you can't be art of rape and psychology.
You have to choose.
This is Dr. Bob Chiles -- and he is art and psychological art.
And this Amy Night, the magazine editor becomes instance, business and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
Everything you hear is that they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very identity in our culture.
This is this idea of fate or the real vote, the idea that each of us has something that every one of us has something that they would take over their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who isn't connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that they wake up their curiosity and many different things that want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel it.
You can feel it doesn't have a goal.
And feel there is something wrong with one.
There's nothing bad in you.
You're a multiplier.
A multiplier is someone with a lot of interest and creative activities.
It's a mouth for how to say.
It could help if it was divided in three parts: multiple, potential.
You can also use other terms that contribute the same idea, as an error, refugee.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well looking at multiple disciplines.
Barack Steve refers to us as "The "As "people?
They use any term that you like or you can invest one itself.
It seems to me as a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see the muscle as a limitation or a supply that you must sell.
But what I've learned with people talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths of being this way.
Here are three multiple supermarkets.
One, the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in interaction.
Same Hack and Rachel Bible expressed his interests shared in cardiovascular, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, to the Mission found.
Merel is a company that creates geographic insuling blood.
And Saturday and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his execution, mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersections, the innovation.
That's where new ideas.
And the multiplied with all their access, they can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multi-leadership is fast learning.
When the authorities are interested in something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We are surrounded to be principle, because it would have been a lot of times in the past, and this means we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transformed to other disciplines, and we bring all that we have learned to every new area that we believe, so we rarely started from zero.
Noam Don is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a pianist a pianist personal child, an incredible capacity to develop the muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest memory of knowledge.
Before I became a writer, nose was a financial planning.
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when they started their practices -- and this ability helps him write a conversation for the editors of editors.
It rarely is a waste of time to dedicate what you would attract to you, even if at the end of the end.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multi-leadership is administration. It's the ability to transform anything that you need in a single situation.
Abed Dake is sometimes direct of videos, others, designer of web pages, sometimes the weather of Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently James Bank.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take diverse roles -- depending on the needs of their clients.
The Boston Park magazine defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and important that these are the individuals and organizations that can fight to satisfy the market needs, the ones that really thrive.
Security of ideas -- rapid learning and adulthood, three skills where the multiple mathematics are very adept -- and three skills that you might lose if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest to encourage the mathematics to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiplied it right now, and we need creative creative thinkers.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialized.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing bad at you.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialist and a super-security multiplier.
The specialty can dive deep and put in ideas of ideas, and the multiplier offers a wide of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that correlate with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the multiple multiple multiple people are assigned to be more like their specialized partners.
Once he said this, if there is one thing you take away from this talk, I hope it is this: Do you really have the internal wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then, especially for all media.
That's where you get the best of you.
But for the mathematics in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes --  I tell you, recycling with their many passions.
They follow his curiosity for those calcium mathematics.
So exploring interactions.
Apart our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps the most important thing, multiplied, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year 1997, a woman called August was taken by a psychiatric in France.
And he was attracted and couldn't even remember the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alexander.
Alec did not know how to help Albert, but I flew up until that, unfortunately, passed in 1966.
After his death, Alexander did a car and they found strange and open dishes in the Australian brain, a guy who never had seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If Albert had been living today, we couldn't give it more help than the one that Alice gave him 11 years ago.
Alice was Dr. Alexander Alexander.
And Australia because the first patient in receiving a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1986, medicine has gone a lot.
They've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect ourselves from infection -- many treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, statistics for heart and much more.
But soon has been progress in the Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, they affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live to the age of 85 or more, the possibility of getting Alzheimer's.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their years down with Alzheimer's or helping care of a friend or being wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to
In the United States, the Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today, it's the most expensive disease, and its costs raised a five times in 2050, as the generation of the mouth blows.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 death causes of all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't be prevented, cure or even relax its development.
We understand less than the Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the itself.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that at Alzheimer's despite the fact that we get more Alzheimer's and cause a annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what time people know, but everybody should -- the Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 11 years of the last 11 years, all of the scientists carry Alzheimer's Alzheimer's disease.
We think that they will be simple in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to spending a loss loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduced life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found pleasures and open strangers in the Australia brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as a origami.
There are places in the role that are performance.
And when it was poor, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules to stand on each other, form groups that can form large plates and open.
That's what we see in the patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this distribution works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identity of what step is complex, like destroying a bomb.
To cut a wire could do anything.
Coper others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blows it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, at the most part, the wires have reduced and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, neuroscientists, chemistry, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms in tears.
These are the healthy worms -- and you can see that they're moving with normal.
These worms on the other hand, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are painted each other inside of them, as humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive outcome, but the research as this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 11 years of wait, there are real hope of what you can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope, to sell Alzheimer's -- we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to know that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have increased more research and exercise about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legitimacy.
That was essential to move on the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved beings day and night, are often too hard to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, which cannot create the change they need for themselves.
So help me talk for them, and help me test a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York City column in January of this year.
To love someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are going to be able to do 36 more personal questions, and then both of you look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples of example.
Number 18? If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And right?
As it moves, these are more and more personal.
Number 30, I really liked -- Tell your partner to him or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone who has ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had spent six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony to the ceremony.
So it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we love ourselves, and --  And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the love love Monterey a few months later.
That was published in January, and it's now algorithm, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, keep together still ...
And the reason I think this is because I've done this question again and again in the last seven months.
And from this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, I was very nervous.
I'd been working on a romantic book over the last few years, so I had been fascinated to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can get to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times is probably a few thousand views.
And that made a good attention for attention to a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was released on a Friday at night, and the Saturday, this happened in my blog.
And the Sunday, they had been called the South Sheep and the American Morden America.
In a month, the article received over eight million visitors -- and I was, for saying something -- little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with synthesizer on our yellow experiences, but another thing is to discover that the love life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or writing, what they did every day for weeks, they always did the same question: Are you still going on together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in my email of my email with the phrase, "I keep the presentation?
And several messages came up immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and they asked me.
Even a talk, and a woman screaming to the stage, "Hey Mandela is your little bird?
And I immediately put my red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship on international paper, you should expect people to be comfortable to ask it.
But I was not prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have changed life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complex article for San Valentine, which includes the experiences of readers to test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not every request that we both made a public emergence together.
I collected television interviews, and you read the photos of us.
I think I was afraid to become a fear of becoming the individual icon of the apartment process, a range for which I didn't feel like the absolute care.
And I understood that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if they really worked -- or whether it was able to produce love love, not only an adventure, but really love love lovely.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt about all of all, that people were asking the wrong question.
How do you know if we go together or not, and then you get it?
If the answer was not, I would make the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Arab wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for to be able to use it to be able to set up interface between college students, using what I was called Arabia Persity an autonomous personal Apple, progressive and recognition.
Sounds romantic -- isn't it?
But the study does work.
The participants feel more close after doing it, several students are also used to use the Spanish Royal Prize of Arab as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community -- and they've used it among people of opposite political identities.
The original version of history, which is the last summer, that combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and told me with shelter, I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed to be destroyed by it.
And I -- you want to say that you fall in love with the person who you did it?
Well, he made a pause here.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, but did I become better friends.
Did you feel that they were able to know better after trying to try the study.
The assessment.
So it works, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer I looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking at when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, what I was supposed to basically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I went into science.
And I investigate all that I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow do the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just invested for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it looks really obvious.
I thought that if I was confronted with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and I used to feel like I felt so bad.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more remorged.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can tell me to me.
What I'm looking for love is a guarantee -- not only to be love today and being loved tomorrow, but that it will keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there can be a seat to fall in.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very tight story, because love makes us feel wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're really willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that you ask -- still keep together?
And their content with a yes or not.
So more than a question, I would argue that ask us more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who not?
How are you going to stay in love when things are complexed, and how do you know when they cut and distant and distant and distant ...
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your paradigm?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the brief version of the history of my relationship, this is this: a year ago, a known and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we love -- we still keep together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing that would remain in love.
English is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, love didn't happen.
We would stay in love with us because we take the choice to be.
And I was a little bit when I read it right now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to be choice.
You don't think of how many times we have both of them to make that decision, and how much time you will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he always chose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, having chosen to love someone so generous and kind of and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't really think of.
And what I look for, and what my life will happen is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end in the title of my item, which is, in purpose. The only part of the article that I really didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he also loves me, and it's frightening. But that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few legislation legislation and in a way I came up like a forest chart.
One thing that really affected me, but more details later on.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I got a bill of a dollar, a pen and a store in her somewhere in Colorado somewhere.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens found this box about 500 years later, and they learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's got grace. Because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a time I was in Hawaii, I just like to go out and make strength and all those weird things, and I was doing a cover for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I opened up all the pages and I made a kind of curious cooking cartoons on the style Agnes Martin -- I covered them from resin, and a bee was trapped in.
Well, my mother has fear the bees, and it's agreed to them, so I added more resilient in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it happened the opposite -- somehow it seemed like size of size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying magnifying line.
So I did -- I built more boxes.
This time, I started to add electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was going to find on the street, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow through you transport, draw just like a picture on the crime scene.
And I knew the objects and I created my own talent of invented species.
First, batteries, that you can do an idea.
Then I did some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resident layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Simon.
It was great, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form, scared size sculptures with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I was dead.
I didn't know what to do, because the retina was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to the drawing on a window, then in another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really works, and so I could stop using the resilience.
So I did this for years, and my work covered with something very big, that I call "The Saturday."
For the superman, I was inspired in a big measure in "The Delino of Desert, from Himalayas Burea who is a painting at the Museum of Prince in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the "remaining? explain this piece.
weighs 11,000 pounds.
0.2 meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit strange.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the language.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals of animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analysis of analog mesh where it collapses.
This is where the creatures with animals of animals are headed to the favor, ready to supply in the ocean in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a stock.
Billy Grand is on the sea, the horizon -- the oil platform of the spill, Wall, the Robert bin Laden. There are all kinds of rare things that can find if you look very well in the ocean.
And anyway, also a kind of glass.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I put oil in a hand while the other hand is coming up with clouds.
Their hands are like balance and it looks like a mythological self that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a support of the subject.
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand I spit in.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a triple, like a bird bird, and I put clouds of this train.
It also has a $100 foot of long a snake tail that binds the "remain?
But anyway, their tail is starting to fire in a volume.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a balloon clothes made of terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were a baseball cards of terrorists.
Very ahead of your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in two projects, you're called "The "Track "The "Track "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top "The "Top
This is a six year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each is a archive of our culture, through media and material being encided, dictionary or magazines.
But each one acts as a kind of a break in a human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divided together.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each is basically a microscope portrait that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest -- you can get into the entrance.
So I'll give you for the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest. And it covers the penis or not, or whatever it is, a kind of an analysis thing.
It's a quick break of these work because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body game for half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that go out and go into the head of this strange state.
There is a little forest scene inside the touch camera.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pittine World.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a neural neuron, a painting -- a photo, a mass, a screen, a radio, a school, an editorial arm that divided all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We put the box and all the people in the inside of each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you repeat who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of the countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with spirit and geneticist, we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do?
Take a search.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first of the standard, the intensity and other organs.
To take a pill is the most efficient and independent system so that any healthy drug effect in the body.
The disadvantage -- though, is that when you do it any drug delivering it.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these are going to slow up the amount of viruses in the blood, and they increase the DNA cells.
But they are also known for their side effects advanced, in their most negative, because in the time that it takes to get to the blood current, it diagnoses, and worse still for the time it takes to get to his fate, which is where it's more important, in the HIV depression.
These are regions of the body like lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is incarcerated and it doesn't easily come into the blood surface of the patients that are located to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a lifetime treatment for life for the fall.
One day, I felt and I thought, "We are going to make the treatment directly the depression of the virus, without the risk of disability of the neurons?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in performance, for the health care and surgery of diabetes, you can use for any idea of imagination, including the intrinsic transfer of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you said, "What is that possible?
We send a small and powerful beam of laser on the cell membrane that is infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser throws the cell, while the cell absorbs drug in a matter of microscope.
Before you even realize, the hole is replaced immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or pediatric people, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an increase on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes drugs, releases it directly on the site of infection, while the laser is used again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't look a lot like time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total eradication of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all of the research of HIV, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying the non-cell armed groups -- arms organizations like terrorists. Institutes or military.
Doctor what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to understand better to these genetic agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent control.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost all conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a distant between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 116 peace arrangements between 1960 and 2011, 1968 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
Artificial struggle and policies are not related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less depressed, no global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the language face, known by his violent training against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980, Herrel has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hall, known for his suicide attacks against Israel, also managing the Gaza Francisco since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shoot out.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex machinery of communication, radio stations -- TV, TV channels and websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the IMF magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
armed groups also invest in a complex fund of fund without sales, but through renewables -- for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else, they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals -- they have professional training programs or microbes of microscope.
He has offered all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that the state isn't sailing and security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan was torn by the war or even the beginning of Israel ascent can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an unlimited price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a cow, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006, the Palestinian Hamas cannot understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hardware.
They grow up because they fill gaps left by the government, and they come up like armed and political groups, participating in violent struggle and giving governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated that these organizations, the less we can engage them as a state of a state.
How do you call a group like Here?
Domestic part of a terrain, admitted all of their functions -- picking up the trash -- to manage the self-assembly system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group.
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is IDEO?
The lines are deliberately.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hardware, and the more weak the states are, as in the Middle East, the more intervention and they fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
They fill that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and control peace.
If we get better to the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-conversation actors, the military power can win some battles, but we won't give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that vacuum of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist as a female.
My opinions about gender equality are vertically, but I fear that accepting the tag of "The "Discovery would be unfair for the feminism.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And so I was automated as a bad feminist as well.
Or at least I wrote an article and a book called "The bad feminist and then in the interviews, people started calling the Bad Finished.
So what started as a personal joke. And a delicate provine, it's become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist -- these furry women, angry with the men and they hated sex. As if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treating women around the world and anger, in particular, it seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when they insisted that it could be feminist might be.
To be labeled as a feminist was an approach, a taboo and unpleasant word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which I ask too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I began to accept that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud of being.
For me, certain claims are irrational -- women are equal to men.
Let's deserve the same thing for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use a easy way and access the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative controls or extenting doctrines or evidence.
We have the right to respect.
There is more.
When you talk about the needs of women, we have to have our other identities.
We're not only women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist of me.
I have another one.
When I drive to work, I listen to rap music to all volume.
Even though the letter degraded women and destroyed me, the classic "The Saturday Man Theater is amazing.
"It was really with your sheet sheet.
Do the dog, do it down, move up until you hurt your tape?
Think about it.
Put poetry, right?
I'm completely dominated by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the care of the burner and the maintenance of manipulation.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
Enjoy the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Bank Bank, and the romantic comedy -- and I have some abstract fantasies of the stories that are actually getting done.
Some of my crime are more disappointed.
If a woman wants to adopt your husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accepted that choice, too.
The problem is that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is contributing so that women are economically vulnerable.
We solve this problem.
I reject the conventional feminist that has ignored or delivered the needs of the women of color, the workers, homogenics and transgendered transportations, in favor of white women, helicopters, middle class and high class.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad feminist here.
It also happens this: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put delight feminist in a personate.
We hope that they destroy perfect.
When we disappeared, we would take them with a lot of like the same pesticide where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I think I was deliberately aware of that picture before I try to put there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as a feminist as a female.
They have fear to stand and say, "Yeah, I'm a feminist -- please fear what that tag means for fear to not to be able to fulfill with a little bit realistic expectations.
Take Benki for example, or as I call it, the Dia.
In the last few years it's a democratic feminist in the years.
In the Museum Alleys Alleys Atah, 2014, in MIT, act in front of the word "removed 150,000 feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, seeing this pop star opening up openly the feminist and making women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Last time, cultural critics began to be declined if Ben was or not quite a feminist or so.
They sacrifice their feminist instead of simply believing the word of an adult woman and a mature woman.
We take perfection of the feminist -- because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much much so much of it.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman, delightful until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of party.
But what happens next?
We go from recognizing our imperfections.
If I listen to degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we explore change effectively affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does their music have to be so particular?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my small spinal, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, they decided and brilliant and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
And they are being asked by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice will be visualized as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is about sexual violence against women as a sports -- the Trausa Tower voice.
We can change radio emission when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the movie in another part when movies are not treating women more than as a decorative object.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners like board spaces.
In any case, men, especially white men, helicopters can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in their magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until they don't include a number enough of women, so much to participate like to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a broader range of people.
Those of us who are superintelliged, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny them to be even more like us to be welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making points.
Because we are not searching for the photographs, without these efforts, without adopting these positions.
We can make these little acts of value and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the direct power and feeling of cinema and men and music, Chinese, the legislators that can make great decisions, more courageous to create a durable and meaningful change.
We can also deal with our feminist -- well, bad, or any chest.
The last line of my book "The Financial Finger, says, "Let's be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of many reasons, but I say, especially because my voice was stolen and the feminist helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incarceration in front of what happened.
A few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
They stole my voice, and after I don't think I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
I became a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understanding what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned how to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist -- I also discovered that if it was a little courageous -- another woman could pick up and see that none of us is the nothing that the world is about telling us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous when it takes a little bit of a value.
Just after Christmas last year, 125 children in California had been measles for having visit Disney or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, they infect over 100 children in Queen.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Democratic outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something even worse -- the autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that sparked police about autism and designer vaccines, discovered and killed by being a destruction for the British Medical June Johnson."
Does it not believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a studied."
I think most of you know that most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are still afraid that vaccines put their children in a danger of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of the autism in the time.
For most of the 20th century, autism is considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard about her create all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, the prevalence estimates are still three or four children for every 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1970s, the numbers started to shoot up.
Organization in the background organizations like Australia Sanday refer to the autism as an epidemic, as if I could control another child in Disney.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask the people at the Center of Disease Disease Center what is going on, they tend to based on phrases like "review of Humanity diagnose, and the best detection of cases, to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language does not have a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of the two years old, visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand it, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and cartooning progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist Leo Kanny, at the Johns Hopkins Holph, Kang published an article that describes 11 young patients that seemed to be a private world, usually to the people of their surroundings, including their own parents.
They could have fun for hours to shake their hands in front of their faces, but they were presentation of the panic for mentioned like when their favorite toy doesn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi species that autism is very rare.
In the 1930s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declare that I had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome while I collected reference from places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not to miss because the Kring criteria for the diagnosis of autism were very restricted.
For example, delivering, giving that diagnosis to kids with consultation, but now we know that epilepsy, is very common in autism.
Once he was made that he had become nine in every 10 children sent for other doctors to their consultation for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certainly.
They classify autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold parents and disconnections.
These kids, he said, have kept carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, however, Kanzi noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that fit in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 synapses before they turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records -- he was completely said, "Live "Longly?
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, said things like children were simply reacting what they had heard to their parents who were asking themselves, desperate to win their approach.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started to test the temple of Kabul that autism was weird.
Lord Window, cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of the mother shops of Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and advanced people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susania.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National National Service of Health that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and his colleague, Judith Golden decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
It pengued a suburb of London called Charles to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What you saw was clear that the model of Kanzi was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, while others were trained in their fascination for the astronaut, in the dinosaurs or the genetics of reality.
In another way, these kids didn't fit in beautiful squares and attacks as Justine, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the mineral model of Kabul would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been derived from these children before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1949, the next year to the Kanty paper, and then he forgot -- buried under the ashes of a terrible time that no one wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but it avoided the concrete to mention in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the Lord husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Applant, who runs an integrated clinic with an inner school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's for the teaching children with learning differences were progressively progressively progressive.
The morning in their clinic started with music exercises with music, and kids follow their games at the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, aspiration as a permanent disability of life that requires compassion companies of support and space forms during the course of life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, they aspire to call them their little teachers, and he dedicated to help in the development of the education methods that were especially appropriate for them.
Funding, Amazon saw autism as a diverse continuum that provided a surprising variety of money and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuity on the known architects like the social science and the teacher distributed and delighted.
He was more there even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Lord and Justine found that Kanny was wrong in that autism was intrinsically, as well as the parents were the cause.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called authentic "the autism?
At the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into space, supporting the limited model of Kabul by a wide and inclusive movement.
These changes don't fall in broken stream.
They call it when Lord and Justin worked between dancers to reform these criteria around the world watching an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out "The Man in 1988, only a little circle, I was commissioned by experts knew what the autism, but after the instant instant of Justine Holand as Rama Babbage and the recognition of Japanese Man, with four awards from the Accentule, paralyzed, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical evidence to use to diagnose autism.
I didn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "The Man Cameron: the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of the awareness of autism.
The number of diagnostics started to send, just like they predicted Lord and Justine, actually hoped that it was, to make people with autism and their families finally get the support and the services that they deserve.
So Andrew Waleduir came to blame vaccines for the rise in the diagnosis. A simple, powerful credible history as the Kannie theory that autism was incredible.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one of 60 children in America are in the spectrum -- it's right, autism are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have been joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzle for solving for new medical advances -- it turns out the term "surread to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand regret is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily delicious, social obstacle, and suffering from a deficit deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger's -- that believed that the "believer," for the most interdisciplinary aspects of autism are found in the understanding of teachers, employed with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman called Zoo Zarry once said, "We need all of the hands in cover to overcome the boat of humanity.
As we go into an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
